If my wife ran around like Aria Cruz did , she 'd see the backside of my hand .	NN
Allie had her doubts there , too .	NNS
This time he donned his battle leathers , which could house several daggers and two different lengths of fighting chains .	NNS
Morley fluttered his eyelashes like a cartoon character and put both hands over his heart .	NNS
He caught up a couple blocks down .	NNS
Hey , stork , deliver any babies recently ?	NNS
Danny put a few more dishes onto Juanita 's stack , then bent down and folded the plaid blanket , turning to us .	NNS
" Say cheese . "	NN
Ali grabbed the backpacks and then flung them into the boat as Don pulled Meagan in to the front of it beside him .	NNS
Amos Thompson lifted a handful of dirt and let it fall in the grave .	NN
I shudder out a moan before he even touches me .	NN
Victoria tilted her sunglasses down so she could stare at her .	NNS
Half of them didn 't even have their coats buttoned all the way .	NNS
He gently patted my thigh to console me .	NN
" You were expecting turrets ? "	NNS
Ashley was wearing handcuffs , and when she sat down , her feet were shackled to the bottom of the seat .	NNS
Remember my efforts to write a novel ?	NNS
He handed me a vodka tonic .	NN
She released her fangs in full , and felt the ripple of blood roll through her white eyes .	NNS
" Perhaps if you can tell me what this is about , I can make an appointment for you later in the week . "	NN
" Brianne 's got odd cravings .	NNS
We put some pops and beer and such in fish baskets and sank them in the lake off the dock . "	NNS
But since we 're taking the Stearman and you 're getting your feet wet , we 'll just buzz the folks near the airport .	NNS
" Can I have some ice cream when we get there ? "	NN
She let out an indignant huff and crossed her arms against her chest .	NN
The envoy took no chances and spoke directly to the commander of the prison , relaying the Scarlet King 's orders .	NNS
" Okay , play your games . "	NNS
He programmed a frequency sweep and set it to stop at any signal greater than noise and let it go .	NN
He fished a deli sandwich from the bag and dug in , eating with his nose about three inches from the table .	NN
Returning to her car , Eve hit the trunk release on her remote and rounded the back to get her duffel bag .	NN
People around here like football , but the atmosphere is underwhelming compared to the basketball games .	NN
Whatever Ella 's touch did to John , apparently it doesn 't have the same effect on humans because Sarah is unaffected .	NN
And just the sound of it sent chills down Kylie 's spine .	NNS
Inside her apartment , she turned the dead bolt and put on the chain , shocked to see that her hand was still shaking .	NN
The three weeks after that , Cybele ticked off the two top items on Rodrigo 's list , over and over .	NNS
Jon put his heavy boot down hard on the brake and the transport came to a screeching halt .	NN
" Who 's bringing the sandwiches ? "	NNS
She exhaled loudly and reached for a small branch of table grapes .	NNS
And then consider the investment of time .	NN
Sandra saw many platforms within the branches .	NNS
Something similar had sparked all her senses , too .	NNS
If you just can 't wait for the next Blank novel , check out Richard 's other exciting Books here .	NNS
He had blood stains on the front of his shirt .	NNS
The blank screen opposite reflected back a shadowy silhouette , and when he raised his head , the overhead light lifted the shadow from his features .	NN
" Did you bring your nephew ? "	NN
Every pond has floating candles and all of the water fountains are colored with lights under the water .	NNS
They pulled the lobster traps , foraged the local islands for firewood and kept themselves busy keeping the island looking nice .	NNS
And who better to inflict a little justice on them than her ?	NN
He also has quite a collection of knives he will be taking as well as a shotgun just in case we run into trouble .	NN
" I can 't hold a candle , " he feigns defeat .	NN
Alongside them strolled large self-important and stunningly beautiful birds like the fire bird in the fairy tales .	NNS
He 'd had crushes before .	NNS
Later , he drags his mattress into my room and pushes it against the opposite wall .	NNS
My report will not create any issues with anyone . "	NNS
The pack of them wore suits of lighter shades , soft grays and blues and even a khaki .	NNS
" See my ice cream , Auntie Al ?	NN
I settle the terminal patients back into their rooms .	NNS
She crafted a perfect welcome basket that sat on a blue and white plaid napkin with muffins .	NN
' Now , why don 't you take a few deep breaths then , while I explain what 's what . '	NNS
With a flick of his wrist he sent the meaty chunk spinning into the pit amongst the living dead who instantly descended on the morsel .	NN
The waitress brought us three steaming pies surrounded by mashed potatoes and a moat of gravy and I soon forgot everything I was worried about .	NNS
" I loved that film .	NN
" About my scales .	NNS
He commanded respect as he gave it as much as received it .	NN
She took small bites , and he could tell she had no interest in swallowing it .	NNS
She straightened her outfit and adjusted her cleavage so the girls wouldn 't look droopy .	NN
He downed its contents in a single gulp , replenishing his pewter , then burned tin .	NN
" I miniaturized the battery .	NN
He clutched his ribs and looked up at her with an expression of noble suffering .	NNS
I love the nineteenth century era .	NN
" And killed my unborn sons in the process ? "	NNS
They could see his pistol , but he had sprawled too far away for them to reach it with a kick .	NN
The daughter of my heart flung a few insults in my direction from time to time , but it was much less than I deserved .	NNS
But Captain Nibbles sensed their mirth .	NN
" I just felt a bit dizzy for a moment .	NN
He spent most weekends in the office of his engineering firm , missing countless baseball games and piano recitals .	NNS
I have chores to do this afternoon . "	NNS
We went down , a tangle of arms and legs .	NN
He handed the cubs to Dougal .	NNS
" Here comes a candle to light you to bed , And here comes a chopper to chop off your head ! "	NN
I called the town 's only limo service to come pick them up .	NN
The floor is made of wood again , long , thin panels that are brightly glossed and polished .	NNS
Dee quite liked football , but didn 't know a great deal about it .	NN
We sought alliances with members of the French royal family , and became connected closely to the semi-autonomous region of Navarre .	NNS
" You had fantasies about Jessica Rabbit ?	NNS
The house has so many noises , and with the break-in and all the commotion of you being shot , she 's afraid .	NNS
I can 't see the numbers clearly . "	NNS
Imagine the terror and panic !	NN
Most of the small places had two or three maids who knew every room and every guest .	NNS
Without bothering a warlock .	NN
I forced a shrug .	NN
" Marlowe , you should put a quarter in your boot . "	NN
As she neared the house two doors down , she felt the disturbing sensation of being scrutinized .	NN
He had been given oats and water , and looked ready for the return trip .	NNS
That left two routes still open .	NNS
We 're sending an e-mail out to everyone in case you forget . "	NN
He pictured that tide he had witnessed below , flowing away from that the earlier blast from Wright 's camp .	NN
" Did she give descriptions ? "	NNS
The Firm owns two huge condos right on the beach . "	NNS
Chapter 2 Down the Keyhole Selena pulled the pager out of her purse .	NN
Her rant left her breathless .	NNS
Case watched Scores respectfully , taking his cues from the expert in this venue .	NNS
A slow chill crawls up my spine , and I have to fight off a shudder .	NN
Although he hadn 't seen her in three years , he 'd kept tabs on her through her sister Victoria .	NNS
He must have seen her agitation even while he was so calm and collected .	NN
" Get out of here , you crazy bastards !	NNS
His voice had a noticeable rasp .	NN
After nervously slamming my door shut , I began pacing the bedroom as if my life depended on wearing a path into the carpet .	NN
He understood Auron 's desperation , yet he could not allow his student to possess the crimson jewel .	NN
Without glancing back at the abbess , I follow the duchess out of the room .	NNS
He has two chairs in front of his desk , as well as bookshelves along all of the walls .	NNS
I 'd watched enough games of his to know he rarely , if ever , missed his mark .	NNS
He turned and flicked his reins , moving again .	NNS
I just put new tires on her . "	NNS
You don 't need super senses to pick up on something like that . "	NNS
I 've had a couple bites from networks too . "	NNS
Just tour the islands for the rest of your life .	NNS
I got the appropriate forms , filled them out and handed them to the officer in charge .	NNS
Tammy felt a pang of sadness flow through her .	NN
There was a rugged handsomeness to him , and even in a still photograph , I could see a fierceness as he watched the crowd .	NNS
Go figure the logic in that .	NN
I do not doubt his loyalty just like I do not doubt yours . "	NN
Cameron clenched his fists , his entire body rigid as he held himself back .	NNS
Then she attempted a calmer approach .	NN
She wrapped a towel around her and went into the bedroom to find something to sleep in .	NN
" And I do take offense to him . "	NN
I 'm using this catastrophe -- and the suffering and desperation it 's created -- to get ahead .	NN
Of course I brought condoms .	NNS
" You dump the garbage into other people 's heads ?	NN
She set down her utensils with a clink .	NNS
He made leaps and connections between the words Graham said and his own experiences .	NNS
She patted her belly .	NN
USC had a good program for that and Southern California didn 't have winters like Chicago plus it had an ocean nearby .	NN
Jeff viewed Liam 's actions as the catalyst of what broke up his own marriage .	NNS
" To try tennis in the great hall .	NN
" Has Hugh lost his senses ? "	NNS
I have certain interests in the city who indicate that is true .	NNS
He heard a door slam and jumped .	NN
" I love you , Victoria Cavendish , " he said fervently .	NNS
A number of villagers were laboriously sawing boards from logs lying atop crude trestles .	NNS
He had an unsettling manner of staring at you , as though you hadn 't actually spoken .	NN
I topped the covers with towels , but the royals lost interest and moved to my desk .	NNS
It was like wearing a sagging turquoise blindfold with just a peek out of one corner .	NN
said the head waiter , gloomily .	NN
" This barbecue sauce took ribbons eight years straight at the Deptford Township Fall Festival . "	NNS
I forced a smirk .	NN
And , don 't get me wrong , I really loved the original Minos . '	NNS
He had hung a collection of botanical watercolors , and the one I noticed was a picture of hyssop . "	NN
No words can do justice to such a noble and brave man .	NN
She raised the shaft of broken wood with her left hand .	NN
I stand and rub my wrists and fix my dress .	NNS
His warm touch sent a shockwave of shivers up my arms and down my back .	NN
You could still have an ultrasound to be certain , but the wound looks clean .	NN
Soon they had joined a stellar highway where the traffic was moving mainly in one direction with only the occasional starship coming to meet them .	NN
She swapped plates , and in a flash Luther had cleaned the second one .	NNS
When the moons of the night sky no longer walk the heavens .	NNS
The storms have yielded their casualties .	NNS
She held the folded sheet hard to his chest .	NN
We got some chairs and a cooler of cold beer .	NNS
Frank gave me a thumbs up , set the phone on Jason 's chest and started to check vitals again .	NNS
He opened his senses , taking in the unseen energy of the desert .	NNS
I did it fair justice , but a real Broadway singer would have cringed . "	NN
It meant " five lands . "	NNS
" But I 'm telling you , these men were not trained fighters .	NNS
Over her lifeless body would she obey her husband 's dictate to wait in their chamber for him to take her apart for some imagined slight .	NN
During which I dreamed continuous nightmares of the last five minutes of Sean .	NNS
" I 've got a trust fund I 've never touched , and I 've been a professional quarterback all my working life . "	NN
" I 'm flashing a laser pointer all over the room . "	NN
She grabbed the potato casserole made of grated potatoes , cheese and milk .	NN
They were making contacts , setting up new deals , and arranging the movement of people and drugs .	NNS
He knew his rights .	NNS
Toomey contemplated the stained mattress that they had tossed over the cliff into the ravine that served as the Cove 's dump .	NNS
I do love surprises ! '	NNS
You mean sexual attraction ?	NN
James watched his students with a mixture of amusement and caution .	NNS
For a horrifying moment , I had visions of Marcus crashing my awesome birthday celebration with Sydney .	NNS
" People keep saying that to me : the Flame .	NN
She grabbed his pinky and bent it back .	NN
" I won 't pick up tools . "	NNS
Dave turned down an alley packed with garbage cans .	NN
We can take a picnic basket and boat over to the beach . "	NN
Lise did arm curls , right next to her .	NNS
" This mountain has many chambers beneath its surface .	NNS
He 's got his own agenda .	NN
I kept my movements as smal as possible , hoping that the bending of the boughs under my weight would just look like wind .	NNS
I don 't see any military personnel , but I feel them .	NNS
He was watching the flow of the crowd about them as they walked , but now he glanced down at her .	NN
She 'd have new pots and pans , and he 'd probably get more leftovers than ever .	NNS
Still drowning in my fury and fear , I take the threads I see and cross them , painting what appears in my mind .	NNS
I had an appointment with Hal Wallis .	NN
CHAPTER 7 Clementine passed the public library 's main branch every day on her way to school , though she 'd never gone in before .	NN
" I have three meetings . "	NNS
Miguel was at the porch inspecting the unopened gallons and the other brushes .	NNS
She doesn 't actually have proof , finally wondering if she should have waited for a scroll or something .	NN
' Retired officers of the Indian Army , ' Bond had pronounced , ' can 't possibly understand the thought processes of a Burgess or a Maclean .	NNS
Barbara would play the piano and lead the congregational singing , and he 'd preach a rousing sermon .	NN
And Darren needs some rehearsing about where we 've been .	NN
" I created these spells .	NNS
They have many mind-altering powers , and they can shift into any form they wish .	NNS
His Barbie collection . "	NN
You gave him a recommendation when we hired him . "	NN
It led modern philosophical attitudes to science up an irrational path .	NNS
I should have a nice hot bath and soak away some of these aches too . "	NN
'Cause with his hair trigger , he should be getting a volume discount from someone .	NN
He nudged her thighs farther apart so that he could brush his fingers over her wet cleft and stare in wonderment of her body .	NNS
" We will use the maintenance tunnels that run parallel to the underground .	NNS
He drives the needle into the vial .	NN
Tears run down my temples .	NNS
It curved up a hill .	NN
We knew the Law by heart .	NN
Guilt stabbed my insides .	NNS
She had booked several acting gigs that required specialty looks .	NNS
So either she had switched doctors , prescriptions ... or the more likely option : she was done .	NNS
We do the explaining later .	NN
She 'd learned that lesson at a very early age .	NN
Thank goodness for that recent ' 80s revival . "	NN
I really should have brought my charts with me , but I packed up in such a hurry to avoid rush hour .	NNS
Powerhouse could 've stopped an airplane going in reverse .	NN
Most of the horses were eating their hay , some were dozing , none seemed disturbed by the activity .	NN
" They will have our assistance . "	NN
Knowing that you 're going to be okay has returned my appetite .	NN
My father was giving a speech , and I 'm going to give it in his place .	NN
" I beg your pardon for helping . "	NN
" To preserve your seed . "	NN
" How did you win Rachel 's affections in the first place ?	NNS
" Take up your complaints with the Almighty . "	NNS
He owes them a favor , and I could collect .	NN
We had other issues to attend to .	NNS
She picked up two napkins that were folded so precisely that she almost felt guilty about messing them up .	NNS
Naturally I must make my own inquiry .	NN
He strode up the gangplank and onto the middle of the barge .	NN
Rebecca and Mom taught classes , made quilts , and ran the store .	NNS
" And I 'll take that magazine , too . "	NN
He didn 't take offence , but scowled for effect .	NN
" How about getting these handlebars off my back ? "	NNS
We had cherry tomatoes , onions , peppers , mushrooms , cubed steak chunks , cubed chicken and shrimp as ingredients to use .	NNS
She took another sip of her beer .	NN
The first and only time I 'd seen him completely nude he 'd still had extras .	NNS
No other article of cloth , at any time in history , bore marks such as these .	NNS
I love bratwurst sausages . "	NNS
When the metal touched the floor , I felt no resistance on the blade .	NN
They offer millions ; I say no ; they offer more .	NNS
I 'll make the necessary arrangements and see you there ! "	NNS
I can 't lose her ; I mean , I can 't lose the possibility of her .	NN
" Welcome to show business , gentlemen . "	NNS
I couldn 't even use my powers if I wanted to in the first place .	NNS
" Leaping tall buildings in a single bound .	NNS
Nicolas pulled the mattress down to provide a little more cover for the wounded man as the bullets tore great gouges out of the wall behind him .	NNS
Pressing his palm to the tiled wall , Zeke let the warm water cascade down his skin .	NN
I needed a bath and he undoubtedly did too .	NN
It is passing the responsibility for your own life on to someone , or something , else .	NN
They 've adjusted her pain meds and she 's trying to keep as strong as she can .	NNS
- We got the result today .	NN
Now she was carrying another farm implement ; a pitchfork .	NN
It had a sizzle , a wildness that swept through both of them , making time and location irrelevant .	NN
She dropped her bags and went straight to the kitchen .	NNS
If only we could trade abilities . "	NNS
She examines her nails closely , pretending to be deeply fixated on them .	NNS
Days after that three men from the East came , Persian magi who offered him gifts .	NNS
I should have trusted my instincts rather than listen to his sweet words .	NNS
She read the meaning in his glance , and again she looked away .	NN
She switched off the burner .	NN
My grandfather wiped the palms of his hands on his trousers .	NNS
" And my other friends , " said the Bane .	NN
He flipped the lever again and reclined with his arms locked around her sweetness .	NN
Reaching over , he gave my hand a reassuring squeeze .	NN
The women had secured the reins and joined them as Sam continued his ride up the hill .	NNS
She did not blame the sisters around her for their sly glances , their masked concern , their fear .	NNS
But Toby sensed the man 's stillness as he lay there .	NNS
I hadn 't checked my e-mail all day , and I 'd considered giving it a pass for a couple more days .	NN
She didn 't have any solid proof yet , but the snuff film had to be from the night Sutton died .	NN
' It 's got holes in it .	NNS
" I actually have some ideas .	NNS
he pulled his lightning rod from his belt and held it out .	NN
I have an important promotion waiting for me in Jackson 's Folly . "	NN
In the nick of time he remembered a very obscure colleague whose Christian name was Richard .	NN
Then we have nobody left to rebel . "	NN
I 'd compelled this nurse .	NN
Skyler 's fingers twisted together , a small betrayal of her nervousness .	NN
Its peak obscured the entire desert beyond .	NN
Savannah had classes in the morning and usually finished up a little after lunch .	NNS
He got all his mom 's milk so he soon starting to grow from this little cute and cuddly puppy to a strong and feisty dog .	NN
I ran my broken talons over the brown hilt , tracing down to the pommel , our recent peril forgotten .	NNS
In the beam of his headlights he saw tire marks across his drive .	NNS
" You always did have an active imagination as a kid . "	NN
She was wearing a strapless satin gown , very low cut , and very well fitted .	NN
He swallowed the lump that wanted to choke him .	NN
" You need any other metals ? "	NNS
I dusted the shelves and lovingly straightened the books .	NNS
The level of desire in his blood climbed a few notches .	NNS
She maintained her demeanor until they reached their bedroom door .	NN
I will miss those evil crunchy cheese bits , even if my wife objected to my eating them .	NNS
I du n no .	NN
Sliding her hands in the pockets of her loose-fitting jeans , she smoothed the rug on the floor with one foot .	NN
' Does he need saving ? '	NN
One whole wall of the main room held shelves of books .	NNS
Jane grabbed Grant 's discarded pistol .	NN
Chris recognized the Holcombe sisters , spinsters who lived in a small cottage near the beach and took in sewing to make ends meet .	NNS
Yes , she would make an excellent sheriff , he had no doubts there .	NNS
I batted my eyelashes at him .	NNS
He 's doing weddings in Vegas . "	NNS
Without missing a beat , he gives my hand a squeeze , letting me know that I 'm safe and sound with him .	NN
When Lina reached within about fifty paces of Sil , he made the leap .	NN
She felt dizzy and had to concentrate to keep from passing out .	NNS
" If you just let us go , I can give you a thousand dollars . "	NNS
Connie followed the examples set by Fred and Herbert .	NNS
Tell me , do you know the lyrics and dance moves too ?	NNS
NASA then focused its efforts on a reusable space shuttle , which was first deployed in 1981 .	NNS
Their system only challenges connections to join the network .	NNS
She felt the hardened bands of muscle underneath the velvety cover of skin .	NNS
A bookshelf littered with dusty electronics manuals makes a sudden hydraulic hiss and slides into the ceiling .	NNS
A little color and style might do wonders for her .	NNS
He had the marks of a mongrel , which all too often meant a stronger constitution than highly bred humans such as himself .	NNS
Drew made a dash for the door , falling rigidly to the floor before he was halfway there .	NN
Alonso pulled out a sports timer and started it .	NN
Lara was studying the latest reports .	NNS
In the great distance , she heard another blast but the wreckers were too late .	NN
They all donned goggles , and headed out into the afternoon darkness .	NNS
" Make minimal adjustments to avoid oscillation while you hunt for the source of your trouble .	NNS
She pushed a silver toast rack across the table toward Tessa .	NN
I hear the gunshots .	NNS
" I 'll dive blindfolded from the highest tree I can find . "	NNS
With sewers we won 't all catch diseases and get sick .	NNS
I picked up the edges of the borrowed coat like a dress , and held it out of my way so I could run to him .	NNS
Tucker cleared the rasp of sleep from his voice .	NN
I had found stacks of blood in large freezers in the basement .	NNS
" You know my stance on that , but you need to stop avoiding Dee .	NN
How soon can you get this data back to me ? '	NNS
His answering chuckle sends butterflies to flight in my stomach .	NNS
She had a sweet tooth too ?	NN
He scanned their surroundings .	NNS
Naturally , Kaylee had no real intention of staying with the group of civilians .	NN
" I didn 't leave any marks on your back ! "	NNS
She grabbed the five spears she 'd made and handed them out .	NNS
They had high expectations and little patience .	NNS
That done , he double-checked his numbers and then picked up an acid stylus and an etching roll .	NNS
She couldn 't tell the twins apart from the back .	NNS
He touched his temple .	NN
" When I was human , men did not write or recite love poems .	NNS
He threw the chunk of metal in front of me .	NN
He controls our armies .	NNS
She got the cigarette smoking and coughed .	NN
Or you simply don 't give a crap . "	NN
Then I will be crowned the new Queen of Hell .	NN
On her journeys back to the apartment she encountered several more tunnels leading into different areas of the Twelve Cities .	NNS
They too had their families snatched from them by Lynette and her followers .	NNS
" I 've also made arrangements for you to spend the night at one of the city 's finest hotels .	NNS
They would hear the true phrase .	NN
After correctly assuming appropriate body positioning required for the spell ( if required ) , they must verbalize the chant associated with it .	NN
She needed protection , but it was obvious they were thinking she may need a chastity belt as well - at least in his presence .	NN
" I like the desert .	NN
In the center of the palace grounds , a kid would tame a bull with a snap of his fingers .	NN
whispered the hobbit , " and quiet as you can be !	NN
A walk one could take the visitor an hour or a week .	NN
She rubbed her fingertips together , still feeling that sizzle on her skin and told herself the next few months were going to be very interesting .	NNS
He 'd gone several blocks and needed to backtrack to get home .	NNS
We all ordered steaks .	NNS
Then they took up their shovels , and , along with everyone else , began to fill in the dirt .	NNS
" Damn , boy , give the fridge some time off ! "	NN
The soldier in the claws gave a pained smirk .	NN
Clarity grabbed the back pockets of Montana ´ s Levis jeans , holding on to them until the Mercedes parked and stopped .	NNS
I could haunt the girl 's dorm , or the great hall - And then it hit me .	NN
We have some civilian traffic just north of the range that we need to let pass before you swing around .	NN
He pulled up the current weather conditions .	NNS
With expert precision , he tosses the football to me .	NN
Pavel , have you ever played hockey ? "	NN
His eyes narrowed dangerously .	NNS
The bedroom just across the hall would make a lovely nursery .	NN
She was gaining inches and he needed to act .	NNS
He had coated his beautiful scales with wet mud and weed , but it did feel so good !	NNS
I don 't have the balls to shake my head , so I press out a depleted smile instead .	NNS
" Well , I don 't have the promotion yet . "	NN
Who could have foreseen the changes in Pandora , the changes in Flattery then ?	NNS
" They were just following their instincts .	NNS
" I needed some privacy .	NN
It took him three trips .	NNS
Not only did I screw up my reputation at a new school , but I managed to insult the angel of death , too .	NN
Cindy and Sam danced several more dances together .	NNS
" Half a million bucks . "	NNS
He thought if he could find children with some signs of talent , he could boost their capabilities and improve on their ability to serve their country .	NNS
Without another word , he paid his tab and walked away from the bar .	NN
He brushed the crumbs of his biscuit into the fire .	NNS
Kicking up straw in her wake , she fled the stall .	NN
He took the on - ramp onto I-5 , heading toward downtown .	NN
Your work demonstrates potential , but it 's nothing phenomenal . "	NN
" He sets up the meetings , or flies in to assess our work .	NNS
Looking down at all of them , she saw all the markings she 'd made during the night .	NNS
" I accept the terms . "	NNS
She heard Devon 's soft hiss of displeasure , but she did not stop .	NNS
Peering out the window Shay studied the passing shops .	NNS
Sali opened his gifts , admired the key ring from Ashe and then followed his parents outside .	NNS
We split the packs and remaining water , and soon she and Grady are heading slowly back down the trail .	NNS
... I read the manuscript as it was written by the man who 'd lost all he lived for .	NN
Which mental disease would he get ?	NN
Don 't waste your spears on the little ones .	NNS
And the marble floor before the figures had a photographic perfection to it .	NN
Loyalty aside , they didn 't throw their subjects into shackles and command obedience to the exclusion of all else .	NNS
" You keep your live-in blood donors in the basement ? "	NNS
" How long have you been walking dogs ? "	NNS
Since they would be moving within a matter of days , she only removed items she 'd be needing .	NNS
Fin and Cabal have their own sleeping bags in other corners of the room .	NNS
I found tracks , mostly filled in now , coming from the direction of our customer parking lot .	NNS
I don 't have expectations of this going anywhere .	NNS
All of them had wounds that needed to be attended to , but the three men opted to have a few celebratory mugs of ale first .	NNS
They clashed blades and pushed each other .	NNS
Knowing my luck , I 'd forget the most important items .	NNS
I reached the boardwalk and almost pushed past a little boy to get to the sand .	NN
During the winter they would make deals and plans for the following season .	NNS
We began the climb back down to the jungle floor .	NN
So instead , you perfect a method of preserving their essence , what makes them who they really are . "	NN
They could see the castle in the distance when all of a sudden , the bike coughed and shut down .	NN
I didn 't even consider the possibility that the door would lock automatically behind me .	NN
A stiff , chilly breeze from the open window blew out the sandalwood candle next to the bed .	NN
She must 've had some inkling that it was serious , or she wouldn 't have gone to such pains to avoid the local doctor .	NN
We have additional DNA from the severed arm which does not belong to the owner , lots of it .	NN
She 'd bet a hundred bucks he had been at one time .	NNS
Besides , she hadn 't really taken Shane 's proposal seriously .	NN
He had disconnected all the internal wires in case it was already partially activated .	NNS
He 'd seek revenge on those who 'd killed his mother , those who were supposed to be his family .	NN
She recited the directions to herself .	NNS
She normally did her deliveries at the end of her shift but there was a funeral she had to get her biggest order to .	NNS
So I took the marker and wrote : To my fan , Marsha .	NN
" Most of my patients don 't have issues like this .	NNS
" All that for a single loaf of bread and a few flaccid vegetables . "	NNS
" In this modern age , an educated woman should be considered an asset ! "	NN
The Associated Press also picked up the lead article , which was now circulating in every major and minor market in every newspaper across the country .	NN
-- he played jokes on her .	NNS
She flicked switches quickly , while the radio crackled with angry complaints from Nairobi tower .	NNS
One of the guards behind him slammed the butt of his weapon into the back of his head and sent him reeling .	NN
In Russia , many veterans kept and wore their uniforms after leaving service , partly for necessity and partly for economic leverage .	NNS
A run down shack , or a majestic building , perhaps a spiralling tower to the heavens , or even a mighty fortress .	NN
He remembered the hunger when he first awoke ; no vampire forgot that .	NN
Gray spotted the sparking projectile impaled through the shoe of the man 's spasming leg .	NN
I will remove the automatic door opener .	NN
Since I was never one to not take advantage of alone time with him in the past , he was ... um , ready for me .	NN
" You and the Sisters of Doom ? "	NNS
I would have taken a swing .	NN
Magic equaled witches , and the witches hated Mary Ann with a murderous passion .	NNS
Leave the washroom when they do and come back to our table and hover over it . "	NN
You hunt ghosts ? "	NNS
She must also have a nickname for me .	NN
Still , she offered no resistance .	NN
A counselor at her school noticed her withdrawal and invited Jean to her office for a " talk " .	NN
The sooner she held her granddaughter , the better .	NN
I could tell foreign carpet from authentic homestyle carpet .	NN
" He must 've been keeping tabs on you . "	NNS
Want a nursery ? "	NN
Of this I had no doubts .	NNS
" Unfortunately for you , you must earn the privilege of using one of these . "	NN
" We 've got reports of movement on the road to the east .	NNS
" I 'm maintaining decent grades . "	NNS
He takes out some frosted flakes , grinds them up and separates them into lines .	NNS
" Wilhelm 's never had a shortage of willing female company .	NN
" Maybe you 're better off getting a lesson from a real instructor anyway . "	NN
He felt for a second time the same alarm he 'd experienced when he first looked up at her face .	NN
Something about being in Alexander 's arms had an amazing effect on her .	NN
He had earned that respect by being resourceful and intuitive .	NN
Kurt cracked his knuckles , studying the backs of his hands .	NN
" They 're called night-vision goggles , Theresa , and this isn 't the first time I 've watched you through them . "	NNS
Or I might get dizzy . "	NNS
I ran another block and crouched down against the side of a house , listening for the sounds of officers coming .	NN
To behold the buildings to one hand and the quarries of their birth on the other -- how could hatred grow from such a sight ?	NNS
I will not doubt their goodness .	NN
Though Sweet Dove continued to stare at her , she addressed Reyes .	NNS
Trystan pours three shots and slides glasses towards Sidney and me .	NNS
" Hey , The front desk usually has these little gift baskets in it ... " Alyosha said .	NNS
It gave me the creeps when he did that .	NNS
The stained-glass window was completely shattered now , just a few shards still clinging to the wooden frame .	NNS
" Answer me , my nephew ! "	NN
He flexes his biceps and his six pack abs .	NNS
But life had suddenly opened two roads in front of him .	NNS
I gave brief consideration to several different patterns and made my selection .	NN
The glint in her eye confirmed his earlier suspicions about what she 'd want from him .	NNS
We have a long cruise tomorrow . "	NN
I noticed other dark suits outside the main house and along the trails , even a couple slipping in and out of the trees .	NNS
What if we have families who are worried sick at home ?	NNS
We have some party members helping us .	NNS
Her own actions of heavy drinking throughout the evening only confirmed the trap she 'd now set for herself .	NN
Set your alarm for twenty minutes and rest before you go home . "	NN
What a weak word to describe this complex brew .	NN
" I have no intention of signing anything .	NN
With that thought came a horrifying realization .	NN
I tossed his boxers at him , knowing I 'd change my mind if he didn 't get covered up soon .	NNS
If only Hawkins or Laura would see what was happening so they could interrupt the duke 's amorous efforts .	NNS
I lifted the lid off the serving plate and inhaled the aroma of some Italian pasta and meat dish I had never tried before .	NN
" Move the buildings closer together ? "	NNS
If this works , I 'm stocking Lysander 's fridge full of blood .	NN
They travelled the halls for nearly ten minutes before Aunt Marilyn threw her arms up in anger and stormed off , saying something about needing a drink .	NNS
Just for once , put someone 's welfare before your own .	NN
I can feel his breaths against my palm , his body expanding and contracting , and I know he 's strong , steady , unstoppable .	NNS
The old Miss Peregrine would 've been having nervous fits .	NNS
When Janet 's home insurance is due for renewal I check out the comparison sites for her and give her the most competitive quote .	NNS
He opened his psychic senses , searching until he brushed against the dark power that eclipsed his own .	NNS
" I never had the privilege of speaking with him . "	NN
The old woman stuck a fork into the pancake and flipped it quickly onto a dish .	NN
Landing and rolling as I hit the hardened ground , I hear shots all around us .	NNS
And then he insulted her writing style ; the length of sentences along with a couple spelling errors .	NN
She added a package of crackers , hoping she could somehow make amends as she scooped out a bowl of soothing chicken soup .	NN
Emelia felt a wrench of nausea as she realised it had the beaked design of a plague mask .	NN
Into one of the glasses Knox trickled a few drops of the yellowish liquid .	NNS
They had powers few humans could comprehend .	NNS
She wiped the moisture from her eyes and blinked a couple of times before picking up her water glass .	NN
" You have a god bolt .	NN
Richard gulped down the lump that had formed in his throat and tried to keep his composure .	NN
Over Will 's shoulder I caught a glimpse of something black in the corner of the room .	NN
At first , Justin had imagined a cozy sinecure amidst good-natured monastics ; afterward , however , he learned that full-time work there meant precisely that .	NN
She shifted her buttocks and he stirred back to life .	NNS
The dozen or so vikings in front of me went all sorts of wide eyed .	NNS
I used the souls as Joaquim had done , directing them to burn through my bonds .	NNS
The gunslinger asked remotely .	NNS
You can attend classes then graduation .	NNS
Reaching into her jacket pocket for her lighter , she ignited the flame and held it inches from the end of the cloth in readiness .	NN
He scooped some pebbles of Brain Feed into his pocket , replaced the shoe box , and hustled downstairs .	NNS
" We got a shopping cart full of stuff back there . "	NN
And she rang the bell .	NN
Most women barely had a clue about the fundamentals of operating a vehicle .	NN
Aunt Marguerite had loved all forms of music and had ingrained that same love in him as well .	NNS
She pried her eyelashes apart .	NNS
I couldn 't have ties .	NNS
So sate the hunger and then get the beer .	NN
I have not had any visions for other gargoyles .	NNS
She gently set down her needle and prepared to display her work to its intended owner .	NN
We will never know the extent of the cruelty he experienced , of the abuse that he took .	NN
After she finished catching her breath , she got the vest and went to do her roadwork .	NN
He found the faucet , but no water came from it .	NN
Swirling the cloak around himself , he drew up the hood , becoming hidden in shadow .	NN
Despite knowing absolutely nothing about the play , he exuded Stanley 's charisma , his absolute disregard for Blanche .	NN
The mountains promised his three sons , two daughters , and handful of grandchildren priceless safety .	NNS
I made small whimpering noises around Ash 's body as he found that spot inside me , and began to work over and over it .	NNS
" You have the hots for her too ?	NNS
We exchange soft moans of passion , kisses that map out the landscape of one another 's mouths .	NNS
' Horus probably has the capabilities to release you from anything we 'd trap you in . '	NNS
" I saw emptiness where something bright and joyful should have been .	NNS
We have a rug I just know she 'll love . "	NN
How often had he seen young lovers entwined and yearned for the closeness and the intimacy they shared ?	NNS
" It also brings self-confidence back to the villages .	NN
" I 'll bring some cleaning supplies with me tomorrow and , after our shift , we can come up here and start cleaning .	NNS
Phoebe parted the floral wrapping , taking her time in the unveiling ... of ... A laptop computer .	NN
He gave that quite long consideration before he spoke again .	NN
I draw enough runes , thanks .	NNS
All Conscious Beings Have A Body And A Soul .	NN
He brings a document into his HUD and sends it to Beverly 's terminal past the TDF firewalls .	NN
Of course , a silver bullet could bring down the mightiest Were , an anxious voice whispered in the back of her mind .	NN
" I want a lawyer . "	NN
Like he was sucking a lemon .	NN
Off the cocaine now , and doing very well . "	NN
They both wore long black coats .	NNS
As she tied her shoes , guilt tied knots in her chest .	NNS
And if their cooperation didn 't appease Amy 's jealousy ?	NN
You 've made a fortune , enjoy it .	NN
Or Adrienne was telling lies for reasons of her own . "	NNS
Her perfect mouth formed a small O .	NN
The woman who was convinced she had no skills , no talents and no prospects , now headed a huge party business .	NNS
I used a slush fund to pay for new inventions .	NN
At dawn , I 'll approach the authorities .	NNS
The claws that wrapped around their waists send shivers down his spine .	NNS
" We have encountered zombies near the road at every turn .	NNS
You can construct new spells later , but it takes time .	NNS
The tattoos there and on her face were slowly growing brighter , and had turned a shade of medium scarlet .	NN
" Instead of talking about my mother , why don 't you obey the command ? "	NN
Each booth had two wicker chairs facing one another , closed off by a string curtain that I assumed could be drawn , allowing for more privacy .	NNS
" Develop any other skills you want to tell me about ? "	NNS
I grab the red hot peppers , back stepping into the counter .	NNS
I 'll give you directions . "	NNS
I considered his arguments for a few more moments before I replied .	NNS
The next day they reached landmarks more quickly .	NNS
How he missed those folks now !	NNS
Altair was recalling the same encounter .	NN
It 's probably got more wires than a switchboard .	NNS
He slid the thin strap of my tank off my shoulder and ran his lips over my skin .	NN
It dragged thin wires from her head dripping with blood .	NNS
" The storks eat the grapes and forget how to fly ? "	NNS
She lightly patted the mattress .	NNS
Dr. Green rattled off each item and marked them off , on her forms .	NN
She 'd cut all ties to him , never speak to him again .	NNS
He doesn 't have the skills to survive . "	NNS
Allie had gotten directions from Skully .	NNS
Lydia took pity on her and grabbed her hand .	NN
" Do you really see philosophical implications in all this ? "	NNS
They set up a massive barbecue in the street .	NN
" I 'm not getting a ' view cam feed ' option . "	NN
Bobby advanced his abilities and he almost killed us , Laila .	NNS
He held up the wolf 's - head totem .	NN
Now , I consider a third option I have not weighed in a while .	NN
We can 't lead a dozen spears up the Mountain .	NNS
His face lost its humor .	NN
" But you still left tracks leading to Glory , to take refuge in my love for her again . "	NNS
With barely a word exchanged between them , they walked a block of Brook Street along with all the other evening revellers heading for Grosvenor Square .	NN
Beside me , I could feel Alex stiffen , but he didn 't move away .	NN
Dave lagged his birdie putt to three feet and putted out for par .	NN
And if you finish before I get back , just check the aisles and straighten things .	NNS
The kid hit the nail with confidence ; this wasn 't his first time building .	NN
At the next table , they played cards .	NNS
" This might be a bit tricky , " Edie May responded cautiously , " we don 't really have physicians around here at all .	NNS
Try the desserts . "	NNS
" Your people ... " " We 'll send messengers , " she said , " explaining our regret .	NNS
Rann holds the horn , with loose reins .	NN
I step over another gaping chasm and keep going until I see another gap in the hull to my left .	NN
He owns millions of acres or whatever they measure land in .	NNS
But the demons have close ties with the Shamans of the East , correct ?	NNS
When you sign , we 'll require another sixty thousand dollars .	NNS
I clumsily tore open the packaging of the new electric razor I had bought , and put the two big batteries in it .	NN
Bash knew youths that tried to kill him .	NNS
The bite shot a zing of sensation to every limb .	NN
Lifting my right leg , I forced his hip deeper against me , feeling the hardness of his erection deep between my legs .	NN
How do they transport infants in style ? "	NNS
I need proof of ownership , insurance and a driver 's license . "	NN
" We can all say extra prayers for them later , if you 'd like . "	NNS
For a man of his age , Don Fisher could cover a hundred yards surprisingly quickly .	NNS
It usually takes several brilliant men centuries of baby steps .	NNS
Celeste felt a blush as Jake took her by the hand and led her into the jungle .	NN
On my word of honor , I will always place Corinne 's health and happiness above my own .	NN
Time lost all meaning as we wandered .	NN
" Funny you should mention my intimacy issues .	NNS
Ask anybody where to find us .	NN
She picked up her fork again .	NN
She put down the notepad and pen .	NN
I did not make excuses for my dad .	NNS
She must have some affinity to trees or wood in general .	NN
He could hear the shingles being torn from the roof , followed by the crash of shattering glass .	NNS
My mother has advanced stage cancer and she 's not breathing ! "	NN
" I have a few boxes in my room and my suitcase is in there .	NNS
It brought back tiredness with it , too .	NNS
He whipped a dirty rag away from the molds beside the ship 's furnace .	NN
My mother would love her grandchild and they would be able to remember me through that child .	NN
Punching the buttons with furious futility , he growled under his breath , " This thing burns up its battery faster than the Spanish Inquisition . "	NN
Paul gave an inelegant snort .	NN
Themis nodded and glanced around the sanctuary .	NN
" Who needs forks ? "	NNS
I couldn 't reach the rope around my wrists so I searched the cell for something to cut it with .	NN
Hearing a chuckle , she straightened her spine .	NN
The tobacco smoke could not quite hide the aroma from the wisteria next to the patio .	NN
If I die in this battle , take my sons to France and put them under the care of Marie .	NNS
If they forget to do their chores , you make excuses and do it all yourself .	NNS
Runyon couldn 't deny the monstrous changes documented in the photos , so he didn 't .	NNS
Sometimes I have nightmares where I burp and he - ' ' Then that 's probably all right , ' said the little rat .	NNS
Want a medal ? "	NN
Brax holding me has a calming effect .	NN
They mostly used their spells to better life .	NNS
We could get our nails done or grab a movie ... girly things that she 'd like better than skiing .	NNS
She eventually closed the fridge and leaned her back against it .	NN
She tightened her wispy scarf around her head again .	NN
Then I 've got an errand to run . "	NN
He 'd had ammo for his .357 then .	NN
" Looks like somebody lost his balls . "	NNS
I turned the pages , the hours passed and my eyes stayed open .	NNS
He deserved my respect and praise .	NN
The egotistical bastard had no intention of helping them .	NN
Still , she took deep breaths and tried to relax .	NNS
" You 'll want privacy . "	NN
Choir had given me opportunities to sing in numerous contests around the state of California , and even compete in the gorgeous island of Oahu , Hawaii .	NNS
I pluck bits and pieces of leaves out of my hair and then comb the dirt out with my fingers .	NNS
But on that day , Frank had difficulty .	NN
To use such promising technology for this narrow preservationist agenda .	NN
More than that , I learned techniques which would help me pull visions out of my head .	NNS
" I can feel your hesitation . "	NN
He flattened his palms , one on each thigh , and pushed my legs wide , completely opening me up to him .	NNS
He nodded and touched his cap as usual , but added civilly , " Good evening , Miss Kirke . "	NN
Liz lashed its other wing off , as it let out a shriek .	NN
I grabbed my helmet and 9mm and let out a big sigh .	NN
I won 't do your bidding .	NN
You cannot attend any clubs or sports . "	NNS
It made her temples ache , yet it was difficult to look away .	NN
" I can buy a ticket too . "	NN
I noticed the growing pile of wrappers on the floor .	NN
Women , even intelligent , mature women , sometimes liked the emotional trappings of romance .	NNS
But if she 'd had any doubts about the veracity of the woman 's statement she didn 't have any such doubts now .	NNS
You still keep that diary ? "	NN
Mac felt a needle poke into his thigh , and suddenly he felt drowsy .	NN
Anywhere you 'd like -- my treat . "	NN
Talia had the misfortune of being my sparring partner today .	NN
He 'd dated models , actresses and even a chanteuse or two .	NNS
Emmie smacked his arm half-heartedly .	NN
The cowboy gave a non-committal shrug .	NN
Human Resources kills two birds . "	NNS
He smiled , that gleam of a predator 's smile .	NN
Laughing , Nora flicked the reins and turned her buggy around in the barnyard .	NNS
Forty passengers and one tour director .	NNS
His finger traced the worst scar , the one circling my right breast .	NN
" What do you need cigarettes for ?	NNS
If you went back and just counted deaths from Classic AIDS based on the original and correct definition ? "	NNS
That glitter in his eye at the restaurant had revealed his hunger .	NN
Chapter Twenty Four McBride took the dishes below .	NNS
" My mistress has an appointment with the priest that she must keep . "	NN
Sam and Garrett exchanged quick , worried glances .	NNS
" You 'll leave little fingerprints all over the place . "	NNS
Tabitha suddenly felt another sensation , one she had felt only once before .	NN
He was overwhelming her senses .	NNS
Smiling at the unexpected connection , I find what I 'm looking for : a notepad and pen .	NN
I grip the pew .	NN
She inhaled the fresh scents of the morning to clear the heavy odor of yeast from her nose .	NNS
He had racked up many thousands of dollars in bills for his second round of chemotherapy in spite of having medical insurance .	NNS
Sam thought of Marco , the real life good guy cop she was sort of , kind of , maybe seeing a little bit .	NN
" I can make out four or five deer already . "	NNS
Getting up , I can 't stop my wild pacing .	NN
How could I just shut those images out of my head ?	NNS
He and Teddy were gazing earnestly up at her , hanging on every word .	NN
Joe and I had an argument this afternoon . "	NN
" I was just giving you an update . "	NN
He has Clyde and three other on and off workers , but it seems like he is always busy running around to different jobs .	NNS
I moved my knight to a safer location .	NN
It takes no Art .	NN
He sounded a pissed-off as I 'd ever heard anyone sound .	NN
Don 't you like terms of endearment ? "	NNS
" How many of the volunteers are receiving settlements ? "	NNS
My specialty is stripping wallpaper . "	NN
" Why 'd you ' ave to brain the bugger ?	NN
We need our wits about us . "	NNS
Veronica was expecting twins after years of trying to conceive .	NNS
Too many times , she had witnessed his grief and sorrow as he buried her mother and four older sisters .	NN
He grabs a pen and lays the paper flat , pressing the tip of the pen on the line .	NN
Suddenly , I felt my blood drain away in fear .	NN
Bugs stroked his beard for a moment .	NN
It creates all sorts of problems .	NNS
I 've got your rope ; you can 't fall . "	NN
I could feel the lump forming in my throat and despite my attempt to refrain from crying , tears trickled down my cheeks .	NN
Similar professional interests . "	NNS
I racked my brains in panic , trying to remember what I 'd ever decided to get her for graduation that she might have seen .	NNS
Have you explored other possibilities ? "	NNS
One image indicated an anomaly his eyes had missed earlier .	NN
What if the white fudge is harming our families in ways she hasn 't told us ?	NNS
For a while , during my time in Crawley , I was given the task of getting information on paint research .	NN
Then I searched his pockets .	NNS
Some of the sores had flaps of loose flesh dangling from them .	NNS
" No conditions ? "	NNS
He 'd end the voyage then and there and be happy to do it .	NN
It took the tyrant by surprise , causing a slight wince .	NN
We the ' Guardians of Death ' will save the gods . "	NNS
We three watched as our three favorite guys gathered their treasures .	NNS
They sprinted past rows of what looked like attached terrace villas enclosed by walls that were of an architectural style that did not match the villas .	NNS
He found the hunter seated at a back table devouring a steak .	NN
On the ride back to Amarillo I planned my activities for the following week .	NNS
Gaspar took a long rope and put it at the bottom of the tube and brought the rope at some distance from it .	NN
The way he tasted faintly of cinnamon .	NN
" Now , what I need from you is to make sure we can have access to the lighthouse for tomorrow night .	NN
Whoever had hired the men hadn 't spared any expenses ; the cargo van had been brand new .	NNS
Our Founding Fathers even immortalized that debt in our national seal . "	NN
" You know , I 've got the old Mustang just sitting here .	NN
Since then , I see ghosts anywhere they might be hiding .	NNS
The wind quickly messed up my braid , and I pulled loose my wavy , streaky blonde hair in relief .	NN
She also lost her patience while attempting to make him some complicated souffle that went tremendously badly however her foul-mouthed tirade after it collapsed was immensely entertaining .	NN
She flipped the braid around to the front and stared at it .	NN
Leo gave her a friendly punch on the shoulder and was gone .	NN
What true heir of Camelot ? "	NN
It actually eases my burden to know she has a plan for the big red number in her book .	NN
I could feel my cheeks flushing and I stared down at my bottle .	NN
He 'd need the condoms he always carried in it , later .	NNS
Carson threw his backpack over his shoulder and turned to look at me .	NN
They can swear allegiance to the Destroyer and be spared or they die . "	NN
Such savagery had no precedent in history .	NN
He called the Spirit of God and the Archangels , and the Saints to guide them .	NN
The action stirred an odd tingling along her skin .	NN
So he changed clips by feel alone , then rose cautiously to his feet .	NNS
" Then why do they have fangs ? "	NNS
The pair had a talent for " discovering " vintage original film clips that had been lost since the 1930s .	NN
These include a range of microbes during the ' hot ' phase , as well as beetles and worms during the final stages .	NN
I really appreciate your advice . '	NN
Isaac gave a shrug of his shoulder and grimaced as he spoke .	NN
I have my theories , but I don 't really know . "	NNS
Moving down the maze of stairs into the day .	NN
I spit vomit from my lips .	NN
And you 're giving me your abilities .	NNS
" Uh-huh ... I checked the sea fans , too , because they seemed to have an unusual radial growth pattern .	NNS
Perhaps while gathering his possessions together she might find some coins so that she could pay the innkeeper .	NNS
She heard the ache in his voice , felt an answering one in her body .	NN
Moonlight gleamed off the cooler lid .	NN
They had the wits to wonder why an outmatched traveler -- a woman , no less -- would say something so obviously foolish .	NNS
" They make dollar coins ? "	NNS
Again the UAS Air Force received some casualties from ground fire as they eliminated the remaining Chinese Red Air Force .	NNS
Portraits offered , hand-painted tea cups for sale , jewelry , and driftwood .	NNS
Probably better gas prices there .	NNS
" Who dares violate Apollo 's temple ? "	NN
Where had Reuben seen trinkets like this before ?	NNS
He studied his surroundings .	NNS
We need provisions now . "	NNS
Eve had a handful of what looked like darts - regulation darts , the kind you threw at a target in a bar .	NN
Then the farmers brought their young animals forward in a procession towards the altar .	NNS
As a gifted speaker he wound up the masses to his cause and made them believe his problems were theirs .	NNS
" You 'll not be going down the mines . "	NNS
* * * Adrien hardly recognized the sensation in his body , but he finally defined it as an unqualified ease .	NN
He took several practice swings to make sure that the wound would not affect his swing .	NNS
Even after Briggs warned you to back off , you had no intention of doing it .	NN
I didn 't have their restrictions .	NNS
With a sigh , she follows the exit to the airport and pulls up outside the America West ticket counter .	NN
She hadn 't known joy .	NN
" Thank you , my lord .	NN
Do they round up the victims ... ? "	NNS
Harris had been handling Martha Evans 's estate when several pieces of expensive jewelry went missing .	NN
He noticed a basket of assorted breads nearby and pulled out a fresh baguette .	NN
Unable to stand it anymore , she quickened her strokes until she found the release she needed .	NNS
' The elixir increases the rate of growth of the young .	NN
She studied the knots tying her wrists to the rack .	NNS
They wouldn 't like the cost .	NN
I redouble my efforts , inching my way upward .	NNS
His fingers found the condom in my pocket and pulled it out .	NN
Through contacts he found his niche in the litigation marketplace as a fireman .	NN
Ty didn 't tell lies usually , mostly because he didn 't understand why he might need to .	NNS
They inhibit the chemicals in your brain that allow access to your powers .	NNS
Grace , one of the scientists , is determining the coordinates for the drop point of the first deer on Tiger Island .	NN
She can 't strengthen her influence in the world without strengthening every one of her curses , every one of her spells , at once . "	NN
I pulled out the deed from my pocket and said , " Soon it really will be your home , Sir Horace .	NN
I yanked back the drapes , even though it would be dark in an hour .	NNS
Her father did not even allow cards in his house , but she wasn 't really surprised that Andrew possessed some .	NNS
The Sheriff took the slick corners at angles that made him wish for the craggy road again .	NNS
Just hearing his name caused her heart rate to spike .	NN
He bent his head to taste her , his wet hair bathing her inner thighs as he dragged her body closer to him .	NNS
" But , I didn 't see anybody . "	NN
The modern electric train pulling into Lilydale Station broke Caroline 's reverie .	NN
In spite of how miserable she was feeling , she had an almost irresistible impulse to giggle .	NN
I check the clock on the wall .	NN
" Or a nurse .	NN
Thalia spotted a French article on the floor by the chair with the translation into English , lying next to it .	NN
The intruder let out a groan and fell back , letting go of the cord .	NN
" May I see your credentials ? "	NNS
The door appeared no different , the knob loose and easy to force open .	NN
Nat and Pierce are both straddling the rain gutter strangulation style .	NN
Some of them had huge dogs on leashes , which were leaping and snarling and showing big yellow teeth .	NNS
Elise had her suspicions , but didn 't press him for details .	NNS
I fired a few shots at them as I lashed out angrily with my words .	NNS
Charlotte left the Gazette at a run , slowed when she got winded , and began a slow walk back to town .	NN
Their fodder for the evening gossip just went down several notches .	NNS
Why did people with secrets leave clues for others to find years and years later ?	NNS
So many restless ghosts .	NNS
The waitress who was to serve him a beer shrieked and dropped the beverages , spilling it over the dirty wooden floor .	NNS
" You have my apologies .	NNS
" I violated your privacy .	NN
Do I make an appointment so I can apologize for being a bitch ?	NN
Wolves don 't eat three meals a day .	NNS
Shows he has inherited my gentlemanly instincts . ' '	NNS
" She told the nurse that she 'd come pick you up when you were released . "	NN
Stella shared her tale of woe next .	NN
A cold shiver ran down my spine .	NN
The system was typical , a small red star with a half-dozen planets , and scanners showed nothing .	NN
He doesn 't have his knives out for your guts . "	NNS
Nicolas used the huge chunks of ice against it , hastily building ice dams several feet thick , staying the water from filling the tunnel .	NNS
Felix gave my shoulder a squeeze .	NN
She felt his possession straight to her toes and he wasn 't even bothering to hide his scent of desire .	NN
Danica felt the pulse of their hearts in the space between them .	NN
" Why the attitude ?	NN
He wore a fitted black tee and jeans , and my stomach did a little flip-flop and my pulse responded with a patter .	NN
I adjusted my ' getting heavy ' backpack and shoved my hands in my jeans pockets .	NNS
You get all sorts here . "	NNS
I gave you my loyalty , my life .	NN
Juliette slipped the luggage tag into the compartment on the side of the suitcase , muttering as she packed and not giving Gillian a chance to answer .	NN
Though unobtrusive , the bracelets will enable the Tanks to track their opponents . "	NNS
A man entered the foyer from what appeared to be a library .	NN
He lay down his slice and wiped his fingers with his napkin .	NN
They awaited her arrival in front of the gates of our home .	NN
After a while , she couldn 't keep the candles lit any longer ; not on the altar and not in her heart .	NNS
The Welsh want a few hostages of their own . "	NNS
Whoever is doing it doesn 't have the guts to put their name on it .	NNS
He planted wet kisses on the inside of my thighs , gently teasing the fabric .	NNS
When he got closer , I could see the whites of his eyes , wide with hunger .	NNS
Cody waved and started up the hill .	NN
I laid my cards out on the table .	NNS
Michael , these creatures can tell a witch when they see it , male or female .	NN
" Just leave your sandals here .	NNS
They 'd left the carpet layers inside , ripping up bloodied carpet and padding .	NNS
I took away your titles yesterday .	NNS
Veronica waived aside Elissa 's concerns .	NNS
I felt a lump in my throat , but not because of what she 'd said .	NN
He pulled the bird from the ocean just as the shark 's head thrust upward , water spilling over the blunt nose and small black eyes .	NN
Unlike you , you catty witch .	NN
Todd checked his notepad .	NN
Fixed the piles , so that they were orthogonal to each other on the table .	NNS
Did you see the new leopard gauges we got in last week ?	NNS
Kendra has some issues that make her unstable and I 'm beginning to worry that Dank isn 't the kind of guy she needs .	NNS
The two players on each side of Ryan casually inch their chairs away from him .	NNS
In Tavi 's experience , though , very few people had sufficient respect for the destructive capacities of the gentler crafts .	NN
Maybe I 'll contact the nurse and ask how long that stuff stays in your system . "	NN
That only increased his resolve to find a way to free her somehow .	NN
I hear murmurs of " goodbye " and I stand .	NNS
She grabbed a food and wine menu and led him to his table .	NN
Donning it , she removed her museum identification tag from her shirt and fixed it to the smock .	NN
" I took a hint from you , Mistress .	NN
Those two made a mockery of the notion that men and women couldn 't be just friends .	NN
He attacked his credentials .	NNS
" The Gray Book contains runes even I don 't know . "	NNS
Ruby gathered up the necessary supplies and carried everything outside .	NNS
" Perfect timing . "	NN
" Enjoy yer chocolate ! "	NN
Karen fixed a bowl of cereal .	NN
" Hmm , my ears must be playing tricks on me .	NNS
I toss the cushions back in place hurriedly .	NNS
These thoughts firmed his resolve .	NN
" I have connections with a friend who restores historic homes . "	NNS
But I got skills .	NNS
A message there , but Gray had always had a sensitivity to the land , being more aware of it than the people around him were .	NN
The very thing the people of the New World feared most was happening several centuries later ; the rule by despotic few was coming of age .	NNS
Lauren had been so preoccupied with her own problems she hadn 't noticed the changes in the other woman .	NNS
Danilo 's eyes scanned the items for a brief moment , and then his face lit in recognition .	NNS
" Thank you , gentlemen .	NNS
We 're not allowed overnight guests .	NNS
A tiny bead of sweat slides down my spine , and I doubt it 's because I 'm hot .	NN
" I have just prepared the fruits . "	NNS
" This must have cost a fortune . "	NN
* * * Coming through the flat 's door to the ringing phone Calvin made a dash grabbing it .	NN
It would be like accepting defeat .	NN
I could handle goblins and bogeymen and evil , flesh-eating horses , but giant freaking spiders ?	NNS
Did I read gossip sites and watch shows about celebrities ?	NNS
He used his comb as a pointer , admonishing Camille .	NN
He stole the Orb , but he can 't do anything with it .	NN
He twirled his pen between his fingers .	NN
She kicked the scales back under the vanity and burst into tears .	NNS
" She got me out of that hole and she seemed okay , " Winkler was sipping more juice .	NN
We heard a door slam on the far side of the SUV .	NN
Continuing down the seemingly endless path , Rift suspiciously scouts overhead , the dark canyon void of any illuminating crystals .	NN
He strummed another chord .	NN
Good idea , don 't want fur balls sneaking in on us .	NNS
He followed the two pairs of footprints in the soft earth and read the flattened , bloodied grass .	NNS
My hands made whispering noises as they ruffled his clothing , and the soft syllables mingled with the patter of the rain .	NNS
Borden activated the wipers .	NNS
" The Garden nurtures our spirits , our ... souls .	NNS
" She didn 't mean any harm . "	NN
I searched the crowd hungrily , seeking Lucas 's bronze hair , his broad shoulders , those dark green eyes .	NN
Hell , he hadn 't felt an urge to punish a woman this way in years ... None of them had mattered enough to try .	NN
Fluffy eyed the hats suspiciously , wondering if there was a nasty surprise hidden beneath them .	NNS
She had a brief glimpse of a shadowed room that seemed to consume an enormous amount of space .	NN
" I have U.S. dollars .	NNS
Elaborate stereo , video , and telephone systems .	NN
Sometime tomorrow , rangers would find shredded Latino cop all over the bottom of the hill .	NN
Even had I not witnessed his condition myself when he returned , I can see reflections of what went on in his eyes . "	NNS
His parents hadn 't even noticed his absence .	NN
The dotted line shows the expanded areas we will move into , effective immediately .	NNS
Lance pulled out a pen and looked down at the list in his hands .	NN
" Once they were conducting a standard experiment on how long can a person answer questions under slight electric shocks .	NN
The nurses inspected each item for damage or visible evidence , but they found none .	NN
The Chinese man stopped his hammering and began yelling for the lady in the back .	NN
Instead he was handing out insults .	NNS
" If I have a knack for finding attractive males , as my husband perhaps you should find the implied compliment . "	NN
He sank his fangs into her wrist .	NNS
They put our females in danger .	NNS
Wilsonville has connections to city buses .	NNS
Didn 't like the vibes .	NNS
They hoisted the blades into the air .	NNS
He tossed the plant onto the table and then decided he was going to call the post office and complain .	NN
I 'll split the fifty bucks with you . "	NNS
Newton snuck a peek over her shoulder and agreed .	NN
You touch the tips of her brown hair and pick up the handy box of Red Dye Number 12 .	NNS
Elegant hotels , tea shops , and clean native retailers lined the main roads .	NNS
A ripple of tension ran down Jon 's spine at the name .	NN
Behind Dee 's back , Paul made small hooks with his fingers and clawed the air .	NNS
I could hear the resignation in his voice .	NN
She didn 't want her necklace marred .	NN
I putted my sunglasses on and I waited in silence until the destination .	NNS
Thick oriental rugs lined the golden , highly glossed wooden floors as he passed his brothers ' offices .	NNS
They give him their room numbers , and we suspect he sneaks around and tries to play the big stud , just like Elvis .	NNS
Linden held all the cards , had all the facts .	NNS
" Not to mention the salary .	NN
Because he had obligations .	NNS
" Why aren 't you wearing a skirt ? "	NN
She fought her instincts and forced herself to turn around and look .	NNS
I sipped and lifted the newspaper , stuck my head in .	NN
A light misty rain makes the warm spring day humid , causing my shirt to stick to my skin .	NN
I bolted upright in my bed , gasping for air and still feeling his touch on my hand .	NN
He lifted the brim of his hat .	NN
Magda was chopping up vegetables when I entered .	NNS
In some strange , unforgivable way I felt my grandmother 's discomfort with my Asian eyes and slinking jet black hair always on my shoulders .	NN
That implied weakness on his part , something he would not allow to persist .	NN
Poor Jason , he deserved a silly vixen of a sister who bore nieces and nephews who called him Uncle Jase and held on to his legs .	NN
The band of the fox slid down the wooden floors and then leaped to the third fortress from a balcony .	NNS
As much as I wanted to stay with you , he didn 't deserve the betrayal . "	NN
I 've got all these documents that I need to show you . "	NNS
You can make my excuses , and listen to the discussion in my place .	NNS
It boasted structural engineering only used by organizations with deep pockets and connections .	NN
He even changed little Maria 's diapers . "	NNS
He couldn 't see anybody in the train that was looking out .	NN
" I ain 't killin ' nobody and don 't wan na know nothin ' else about it . "	NN
It was wearing rags , just a simple skirt and top , but they were burnt and dirty .	NNS
Then , I blink my eyelashes .	NNS
He hadn 't seen his targets in a while , and he was right behind them a few minutes ago .	NNS
" Anger management classes ? "	NNS
She could hear the echo of sadness in his voice .	NN
Shane stripped back the quilts , and Diego laid Cassidy on the sheets .	NNS
Celeste had checked the Internet about pelicans and found out that this meant she was probably nearing her third year .	NN
She cut the brownie into four bite-sized quarters and gave each of them a plastic spoon .	NN
" Do you have a condom , or should I go get one ? "	NN
" I don 't have any sisters or brothers . "	NNS
He pushed the robe from her shoulders , leaving her standing in only a thin cotton gown .	NN
Trying hard not to think about us being alone together in an empty room , I close the drawer and take a step toward the dresser .	NN
She thanked the nurse and walked out the door , trying to stifle a sob .	NN
He clenched his fists and prepared to make the dive .	NNS
That Warner can so easily project his powers .	NNS
Bloom switched off his umbrella and put it away .	NN
Just give me points for trying , please .	NNS
A stitch stings my ribs and demands that I slow , but slowing is not an option .	NNS
Glen needed the physical release of movement .	NN
He was standing only inches away from her , and she knew she would give in to him if he made a move .	NNS
Jake 's aura had turned a dark purple , and Ellie sensed nothing but sadness and regret from him .	NN
You should also have received a package from Mr. Treadwell .	NN
As he guided her toward the table , Jacob offered nods and offhand greetings to people who called out and slapped him on the back .	NNS
I slid my fingertips into the back pockets of her jeans .	NNS
" Yeah , " Bryson replied absently , his face screwed up in a grimace .	NN
The other week he 'd caught a butterfly for her and brought it to school in a plastic storage container .	NN
He has several broken ribs , one of which punctured a lung .	NNS
While I waited , I opened the file on Gillespie 's company .	NN
" It confirms our suspicions . "	NNS
" Am , but not have sex , only massage . "	NN
She laid the receiver on the nightstand and left the room without looking at Paul again .	NN
Drink up , Your secret admirer . "	NN
