NNS	Before that we had no idea there were any other lands out there .
NNS	Why do ghosts want to frighten ?
NN	The trick was to look for the darkest corner , and that was usually where the Shadow was .
NN	You see , both Mama and I were right .
NNS	Six altogether , four of them linked directly with red , including the most likely candidate for Ambience . "
NN	A palpable tremor rolled through him .
NNS	Others had rejected the serum .
NN	It was snowing a little more heavily now , the headlight beams catching the drifting flakes as they sifted through the bare branches of the hardwoods .
NN	The leader slipped in , softly closing and locking it behind him .
NNS	Enormous stone pillars held up a shadowed roof , illuminated by the light of a row of burning candelabras .
NNS	Seated on a bench along the edge of the porch , Kim nurses Adam while the fish fry .
NNS	The remains of a white fir lay embedded by the side of the road , bark calcified like the bones of some prehistoric animal .
NNS	Men will still die .
NN	Chance was there , asleep next to her .
NN	The left wing swung up over the plane and smashed down into the ground , snapping like a twig .
NN	Predictably , that short diversion cost me , and my hourly rank plummets .
NN	This steak is fucking delicious .
NNS	The animals fussed as they stood still , they were hungry again and would benefit a long stand by a trough .
NNS	His expressions soften whenever he looks at me and I can feel the change when he holds me at night .
NNS	These spectators to the scene held up their hands as if to protect themselves from the man they had once loved .
NN	Love resisted saying what sprang to mind .
NNS	The more prosperous ladies also wore several pieces of jewelry , small pendants , earrings and rings .
NN	A loud growl fills the room .
NN	There was a sudden glint of wickedness in his purple eyes .
NN	The chalice would be part of what we did .
NN	The writing went well .
NNS	Both qualities she 'd already strained to the limit .
NN	Jazz barked out a painful laugh and shoved sweaty hair back from her face .
NNS	The shots that had been fired did not appear to have aroused anyone 's curiosity .
NN	The assembly rang with men 's shouts and the drawing of swords .
NNS	At the same time both screens showed the message " All devices shut down ! "
NNS	There were footsteps outside the door .
NNS	The ruins hold an intricate beauty , bathed in the red glow of the sinking sun .
NNS	Words take too long .
NNS	Then all three pairs of eyes snapped open their lids and living eyes focused down on me .
NNS	Questions and compassion mixed in her gaze .
NN	The coven could take anything he dished out , but ... " She 's too fragile to be handled that way . "
NN	A roar started in her ears , her pulse louder than the waves rushing in with inevitability .
NNS	There were still a few inches between our bodies .
NN	No matter how often they took her in this fashion , the thrill never wore off .
NN	" Some years ago , a priest in Romania - " " Father Hummer . "
NNS	There were so many android slaves serving humanity that it created a paranoia equivalent to what the Romans must have felt after the rise of Spartacus .
NNS	" The apartments off Highway Ninety . "
NN	The north fell behind them and the west promised endless ice .
NN	But besides that , the musical had gone smooth .
NNS	His actions indicated it was false for him as well .
NN	The jaguar turned her head toward him , mischief in her brilliant green eyes .
NN	Her range can 't be that far .
NNS	" No promises , Harper , but I 'll keep you posted . "
NNS	Religious leaders are speaking out against the rising death toll , calling them ritualistic cult killings .
NN	Josh jerked his hand free almost immediately , but stayed so close behind Greg the commander had to be wary of hitting him with the rifle butt .
NNS	A few couples sat eating .
NNS	A few more inches and her latest wound would have killed her .
NNS	Kris dropped her mouth open .
NNS	Army uniforms , cotton basics , and fancy dresses are all I 've known lately .
NNS	" Names , please , " he said .
NNS	Dragons don 't become martyrs .
NNS	Old movie posters and short sections of theater seats sat dust covered along the wall .
NN	The stem of the mushroom was the netting and the basket .
NNS	So the fights finally began as programmed , but without the usual salute to the King , as he had not returned .
NNS	Tears filled her grandmother 's eyes .
NNS	Other wolves had shown up , too .
NNS	Most great fashion designers were men , so maybe these Princeton men could just be onto something .
NN	The coast of Syria is going to start looking like an aircraft carrier car park before too much longer .
NN	The carpet is a mystery under ancient strata of wrinkled clothes .
NN	The birthmark is cursing and he raises his arm to strike but I 've got my knife out in front of me .
NNS	Besides , our usual lies - we were with the DNR , there was rabies , and so on - wouldn 't work in Fairhaven .
NNS	Words jumbled in my head - big words , great explanations , excuses mostly , but what came out was , " You 're beautiful . "
NN	And if Charity found out about Mairi 's interest in the Greek billionaire , the bitch would likely create a situation to have Mairi fired .
NN	But the afternoon roar of the City was all around them , the smell faded and was gone , and he felt a little ashamed of himself .
NN	" Dat " s good , sir , " said the troll .
NNS	" There are many kinds of love , Tess .
NNS	Were grocery stores the new singles bars ?
NNS	I frowned , remembering something Mab had said to Oberon at the ceremony .
NNS	When she stopped spinning and opened her eyes , fairies littered the ground at her feet like a furry carpet .
NNS	Many myths surrounded that place , and my spirits were high because the distance was short .
NNS	The strange spots on their bodies , had vanished now , the green salt they had been given , seemed to be the cure .
NN	A tapping rang along the corridor outside .
NN	" You 're not going anywhere , " the old nun replied .
NN	My annoyance turned to blatant exasperation , and my need to save them was replaced only by my obligation to do so .
NN	Rage filled my body as I shot back into the air .
NNS	" And triple pepperoni pizza ?
NNS	" The servants of the Willow Land report joyfully that their queen has given birth to a daughter .
NNS	Words sometimes come with a delayed fuse , and these did .
NN	One firefighter said a fire starts every week because of leftover engine oil or whatnot .
NN	A muscle worked in his jaw , and the fingers that attempted to caress my face a moment before closed in a fist .
NN	" How 's the worm ? "
NN	His pulse was racing and he looked around desperately to try and work out what had caused the look of horror on Asha 's face .
NN	Caucasian about six feet tall , medium build .
NN	The breeze rippled through Adele 's hair sending long strands to float lazily on the air and brush against the column of her throat .
NN	When their lips locked , electricity ran up and down her body .
NN	Terror filled me , paralyzing me as he held me to the mattress .
NN	The archer released his arrow .
NN	The bullet didn 't knick anything vital .
NNS	" Your Highness , " Sonya said .
NNS	The cameras aren 't even here .
NNS	Witches , on the other hand , draw their power from those around them .
NNS	Finally , the guests were really happy and enjoying themselves .
NNS	Kane races across the gap , bunching his haunches at the last moment .
NN	" There is another option . "
NN	" The ruby , " Arlen whispered , and Alice tightened her grasp on her arm .
NNS	The commands devolved into ... screams .
NNS	Two silk screens were drying on one of the industrial counters .
NNS	The two detectives took time to look about the small bistro .
NNS	No shyness , only desire .
NNS	But the ladies must like them , so maybe they liked him too .
NN	A muscle twitched in his jaw .
NNS	The one perk to attending this shindig was that Hugh Kendall , the indicted business executive Allison was prosecuting , would be there .
NNS	His paintings are beautiful .
NN	My bodyguard says , " They 'll have you on the news , speculating about an illicit affair with him , by morning .
NN	The gentle countryside rolled pasted the train .
NNS	Curious about the contents of the water , Ryan headed towards the point where the beach and the river met with the lowest reaches of the mountain .
NNS	As the lights descended , the warriors stepped into them , glowing for a moment .
NNS	Within every heart lives two dragons , a dragon of Hope and a dragon of Hate , both mighty and powerful in equal measure .
NN	The arrangement here was crucial because the frame was only so wide .
NNS	Others had stuck up photographs of family or pictures cut from newspaper or a dog-eared magazine .
NN	The tendril curled back away from the phone .
NNS	Things 'll work out .
NN	As a result , the colony sat along rich farmland but would have starved if it had not been able to import food from France . "
NN	" The only electricity you 're feeling is a wayward spark from the very complete circuit that 's running between the newlyweds .
NN	' And the winner is ... ... ' paused .
NN	A mutual appreciation had blossomed between the young queen and her subjects .
NN	As she walked , the unstable mass of her hair bobbed with the rhythm of each step .
NN	Instead of the swirling miasma , there was now an intricate Celtic scroll design , far older than anything I 'd ever seen .
NN	There was a click , and then the silence of a dead phone line .
NN	When is your sentence over ? "
NN	There was a courtyard in front of the temple with the compound on all sides .
NN	This section of the planet had its face turned toward the sun .
NN	My back ached and my stomach was queasy and it felt like evil trolls were playing a snare drum inside my head .
NN	A hesitation entered the security chief 's voice .
NNS	Laminated signs pointed in all directions .
NN	The first page of the papers said : Classified .
NN	Apparently aged denim was a fashion statement - though I had no idea what statement it could possibly make .
NN	That twinkle in his eye is his only tell .
NNS	Shouts in Arabic , cries in English .
NN	" The consensus is that 's exactly what they will do . "
NNS	My classes had told me of these facts .
NNS	Cars , filled with former undead , now sporting neat holes in their heads courtesy of his men .
NN	Inside , a lantern glowed on a small white kitchen table around which sat four white chairs .
NN	The donkey chasing the carrot was scientists and doctors .
NNS	Reyes was suddenly there , his arm around her waist keeping her upright .
NN	A spotlight hit center stage a minute later , and the opening chords of a song strummed through the speakers .
NNS	The hundred-year-old surgery twins moved to the top of my " most creepy people alive " list .
NN	There was a thunk as Andy 's head hit the table .
NN	The trio discussed the work that they were currently on .
NNS	Tears streamed down the faces of each of us .
NNS	Your trust funds are frozen , and your credit cards canceled - " " You can 't do that ! "
NNS	There were no other decorations , though .
NNS	Only three visitors have come here in the past week .
NN	As if it 's trying to argue my point , the snake rattles its tail and its broken body writhes .
NN	" A football player . "
NNS	Girls kept their distance because he might turn on them and cut them down .
NN	" The pond turned from crystal clear to blood red . "
NN	The vodka zoomed through her veins , fiery and potent .
NN	No offense , but you 're practically my brother . "
NNS	The elves should be attacking shortly to give us more support and to distract most of the enemy . "
NN	Perhaps a simple approval of already existing weapons systems wouldn 't be too strong . "
NN	The cocky politician continues his speech , " I think most of ya ´ ll know what I ´ m talking about . "
NN	Reality intruded explosively a few feet away .
NNS	Hephaestus pressed a button on his computer panel and an image appeared around the table and on two large screens .
NN	" Love is an action , not a word . "
NN	Caroline 's appetite for unhealthy food evaporated .
NN	The beam pinned Dave and a scantily clad woman to the deck of the catamaran .
NN	The physician is very pleasant and it appears that everything is on course .
NN	The itch to charm her properly and win her regard was nearly overwhelming .
NN	The log would be hard to move , even after he cut it up .
NN	Half the slice disappeared .
NN	The airport is cold and unforgiving .
NN	The gates beyond were wide open .
NNS	The nights before had been rough , today even worse .
NNS	There are still too many ideas , but she is working to get them out as fast as she can .
NN	" Hey ... no offense intended .
NN	Commercial shipping slowed down .
NN	The young soldier understood .
NN	Possibly the sheriff had told him to stay away from me if he wanted to keep his job ?
NN	I don 't even care if you 're a little light in the loafers , this soup more than makes up for it .
NN	" There 's leftover Swiss steak in the fridge if you 're hungry . "
NN	Moments later the frog chorus ceased and we walked in silence again .
NN	" You 've got to admit , this environment leaves a little something to be desired . "
NN	All female species in the animal kingdom play a similar game .
NNS	" The power levels of the force field are down to fifty percent of what they originally were .
NN	The sergeant was becoming a real pain in my nether regions .
NN	The corridor was empty .
NNS	His pupils dilated , the brilliant emerald retreating until it was only a faint rim around the black .
NNS	The gusts of wind are so strong that they push us back from time to time .
NN	" Ok , so where are you ? "
NNS	Things have gone poorly , and I 've fought my way free .
NNS	Not even any Dad ... Things really are bleak .
NNS	My two buddies are U.S. Marshals , names withheld , but they are nice enough .
NN	" Well , Miss McKenzie , a legal secretary needs a little more than that . "
NN	The patrons of Club 19 , though , were the forgotten men of the underworld .
NNS	Bex 's light footsteps rushed down the stairs , and the door opened .
NN	Suddenly there was a loud clank .
NN	A terrible clarity came to her .
NNS	Things beyond the realm of logic or reality , beyond the capabilities of rational thought .
NN	The chaos in her mind continued for what seemed an eternity .
NN	The whole scenario sounded like some unbelievable story that belonged on Dateline or something .
NN	Then the bastard clamped cuffs on her wrists and chained her arms to the bedpost .
NN	" The weather 's fantastic .
NN	His self-deprecating charm would be out of place in the face of such bald honesty and sincerity .
NN	A video began to play .
NN	Lightning and thunder flashed and cracked in sync .
NNS	The loud thumps and waves of energy had stopped , but he couldn 't rest until he made sure everything was okay at home .
NNS	" How good are these warriors ? "
NN	He popped the tab on one , and offered the other to me as he sipped , one hip cocked against the cabinets .
NN	" His caution is fading .
NNS	Legolas took a deep breath , like one that drinks a great draught after long thirst in barren places .
NNS	The sun sets , the moons rise again , smaller crescents than the night before .
NN	The race is on .
NNS	Three nurses or doctors dressed in fatigues , masks , gloves and other paraphernalia rushed by and the pair were alone .
NNS	There were real cave entrances below the mural , leading to other parts of the miniature golf range .
NNS	Basically , poisons like these eat up all of the magic you use to try to get rid of them .
NN	Just as I was wondering how I 'd make it through like this , a soft accent spoke to me from the doorway .
NN	And there was the leader .
NN	But the raw suffering of this place was too great for that relief to matter .
NN	My clit tightened at his bold words .
NN	The Pict language had died out .
NNS	" Great minds think alike . "
NN	A malfunction of part of that system in the western hemisphere had caused several massive , perpetuated explosions .
NN	The goddess didn 't face him when he reached her , but traced a fingertip along a thin , jagged groove in the middle stone .
NNS	" How well do the swarms see ? "
NNS	Things were slow here at that point . "
NN	Allegra 's whistle pierced the still air from the distance .
NN	In this case , the model is the one that would cause the problem .
NNS	Plaster images of the Holy One may before now have drawn to themselves the adoration they were meant to arouse for the reality .
NNS	Its metallic discs clattered on the dirt floor .
NN	Her stepmother , on the other hand , was wearing a frown and a tangerine Ungaro ensemble .
NN	A sweet fragrance filled the air .
NNS	And if the timing were bad , the ants would sense Hailey was weakened as she laid her eggs .
NN	The robe gapped open revealing a flash of thigh .
NNS	With their packs and other gear , the other campers were tired and a little winded .
NNS	His nostrils flared and his eyes narrowed .
NNS	Images of him filled my entire mental room .
NN	The teacher looked right at her .
NN	The great knocker at the main entrance resonated throughout the palazzo .
NN	The captain scratched his beard , eyeballing the towering rock faces .
NNS	The human butterflies had started chanting at the side of the road .
NNS	Girls were running around taking selfies of themselves kissing every guy they saw .
NN	In 1896 , a shipping vessel hit rough waters just north of Skull Island .
NN	Fuel range with full tanks is 325 miles at optimum altitude , 12,000 feet .
NN	If I worked fast enough , adrenaline put up a wall between me and my throbbing headache .
NNS	Chess now sat across from me .
NNS	The freckles and the big laughing eyes made Reuben think of Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer .
NN	There was a wet prickle of sweat on the back of her neck .
NNS	Once she had made two or three turns , the spots began to show up with more frequency .
NN	The entryway and lower floors of the Institute were full of adult Shadowhunters , striding back and forth .
NN	Where has that idiot gone ?
NN	My sweet sister Paige didn 't even get a chance at life .
NN	Despite the lateness of the hour , the masonry yard was far from quiet .
NN	Phil 's secretary greeted him with a smile .
NNS	... Katy Things went from bad to craptastic in a matter of seconds .
NN	CHAPTER 20 : Black hole " Everyone , quiet , please , " the teacher called out as the bell rang .
NN	The growl came again , prickling the hairs on my arms , and a moment later a furry face appeared between two of the lower railroad ties .
NN	" Anything , Daddy , you know that . "
NNS	Her thighs were shaking and her chest was rising and falling in a rapid rhythm .
NN	Rich red blood pumping in the hearts of patients and doctors alike , plasma stored in neat plastic bags .
NN	From what I hear , his IQ is off the chart . "
NN	Then the sheriff came in to tell me that deputy Blake had been found dead . "
NNS	Not to mention , werewolves are immortal and they don 't consume anything mortal or anything different than mortals do .
NN	My sister Juliet was there , too -- I 'd seen her motorcycle .
NN	When 's your birthday ? "
NNS	No deaths , but -- " Valerie interrupted , " Where is he now ? "
NNS	" The winds died before , and it came for us . "
NN	The softness of her face before her expression turned guarded had his heart slamming hard against his rib cage .
NN	Slowly the vine started up .
NN	The only consolation was the fact that he would be slightly more powerful when he did return .
NNS	There were hugs all around .
NN	Death of those I loved .
NNS	The Prince 's pupils elongated and anger radiated outward .
NNS	Two students rush off to get help .
NN	" The old fraud , he probably said that on purpose just to make me crazy .
NN	A minute later there was a click at the pump ; the tank was full .
NNS	Two straight-laced businessmen were waiting impatiently on the tiles .
NNS	Things are screwy up here .
NNS	The factories won 't be moving much of anything yet . "
NNS	The squirrels started making some serious noise -- loud squeaking and thumping .
NN	Then Piper 's scowl flitted from the back of Allie 's head to me .
NNS	There are also family members with significant allowances .
NN	The shield simply kept her energy from alerting others that she was close .
NNS	" The recipes we use here are all mine .
NN	" My warrior woman . "
NNS	Marius was quietly stunned .
NNS	Girls from Villa Louisa leaned against the front desk , talking to their parents on their cell phones .
NN	" Who is the mystery blond ? "
NN	With all that time on their hands , body language and gesture form an integral part of their grammar .
NNS	Alexis drove back to the hotel and sat down on the bed .
NN	Her wild impulsive streak would get her into trouble one day .
NNS	My eggs were burning .
NNS	Bess couldn 't go as far and fast as he wanted .
NN	" That 's too bad , " the brunette said .
NNS	Her instincts were against his advice .
NN	A spotlight illuminated the top and center of the staircase on the second floor , and Madeline made her grand entrance .
NN	Dean 's sexy chuckle almost made me float over to him .
NNS	" Things were good between us , right ?
NNS	Gods did she want him !
NN	The lamp made an audible thud as she plunked it back into its rightful place .
NN	This time Joey was able to sit quietly and wait , even though Duke had left out an important detail .
NNS	Dragons are your thing , right ? "
NN	A basketball bounced in the youth center .
NN	The texture of the leather was smooth and glossy but the slight crease near the toes and various small nicks gave it a rough , unrefined edge .
NN	This lingerie certainly doesn 't leave much to the imagination .
NN	A puff of air that was laughter hit my cheek .
NNS	Sometimes bad consequences come from poor choices and sometimes bad things happen to make us work at becoming a better person . "
NN	In fact , their apparent reconciliation was maybe the one good thing to come out of this whole mess .
NN	Jazz glared at her , daring her to find fault .
NN	Part of me wishes I could stay just like this .
NN	An eternity seemed to pass before he reached the wagons .
NN	Every building Lara put up was a challenge .
NNS	Myles didn 't believe Ink could move that fast , not with his handicap .
NNS	The tests were grueling -- meant to find the best out of those who only thought they were good enough -- and I passed .
NNS	The short sundress she was wearing hugged her curves more than I would have preferred .
NNS	A few long greasy strands of matted hair draped down to his shoulder from what was an oversized bald head .
NNS	or " Do ducks like it more to fly or swim ? "
NN	" The Pendleton directory lists a Marie Philips . "
NNS	Our sessions had included teleconferencing with Dr. Todd , in order to " ease my transition . "
NN	" Oh Cait ... " the nun lamented .
NN	The medic straightened and returned to his normal tone of voice .
NNS	Gramps says you have a ton of big colleges who want you .
NNS	Things are different now . "
NNS	In the Highlands , sons waiting to inherit have no special titles or positions .
NN	" Since when does the FBI hire vampires ? "
NNS	Tim stood for self-preservation in this world , never took risks that could put him or the ones he loved in danger .
NNS	No promises , he 'd said .
NN	Over the thunderbird 's head was a tiny hummingbird .
NN	" Well , hey , if you don 't want to ... " The intensity returned to those emerald eyes .
NNS	Delores pulled out a chair and sat .
NN	The foliage was vividly green and shiny with rain .
NN	A moth fluttered in one corner .
NNS	When she helped the FBI with a case , the agents accompanying her carried firearms .
NN	That hum turned to a full-on roar .
NNS	The bigger chains wouldn 't bat an eye at someone staying in their room for a week straight .
NN	I smiled sheepishly as his smug grin sent chills up and down my spine .
NNS	Words couldn 't express the joy I was suddenly feeling .
NN	The pulsing stopped and the whole panel dimmed .
NNS	Mags grabbed Sibyl 's hand and squeezed .
NN	My chuckle was void of all humor .
NN	Cowboy 's first pitch was a fastball away , and Hank didn 't swing .
NNS	But the images in her mind were tenacious .
NN	Behind him , the nightclub burned , and somehow the music played on and on .
NN	Just as I settled back into bed and pulled the covers to my chin , a small rap came at the door .
NNS	Werewolves don 't intrude on my father 's territory .
NNS	Yes , old Nicholas is a fallen nobleman .
NN	The Death of Gypsy The ice pick with which Shaman attacked me was no less lethal for being non-physical .
NNS	The creatures beat him backwards , towards the forest .
NN	While he was trying to shake it off , the hunter came after me .
NNS	Two thumbnail portrait shots lit up the central screen on the device when Alfonso took a time-out to respond to the interruption .
NN	" Another warrior came through the town where we were staying .
NN	The bitch gave me a damn coupon book , like I 'm buying a car or something . "
NNS	Her brows drew together .
NNS	His nostrils flared , a growl reverberating deep in his chest .
NN	This revelation unnerved him and he saw Anderson walk past him with a heavy chain linking his neck to those of the other prisoners .
NN	" The sheriff tell you I was coming ? "
NN	" Business " again .
NNS	Certain pairs of letters simply do not exist in English , such as dx , while some almost always appear together , such as qu .
NN	The piper - not the same guy every time - stood on the corner of Princes Street and Waverly Station .
NNS	" There are dozens of incorrect origin stories .
NNS	A few inches taller than her , I bent like a reed in her grip .
NNS	The tunnels stretched in both directions , pitch-black , sweltering , smelling of wet cement and whispering with trickles of water .
NN	The gas drifted back , and stung their eyes .
NN	The government has fully deployed their federal and military assets to respond to the attack or attacks .
NN	A gray sweater clings to her waist and breasts , and she looks effortlessly beautiful .
NNS	There 's a weights and measures office in the hall outside the vault .
NNS	All indications are that she never did return to the motel where she was staying . "
NN	The passion and terror she had displayed moments past drained from her face .
NN	His dimple winked at me .
NNS	These slimy worms , they care more about where they ´ re going to make their next millions and the stock market than anything else .
NNS	Lucius 's eyelids fluttered , and his jaw tensed .
NN	His bravado didn 't work .
NNS	" What do the directions say ?
NN	No pun intended . "
NN	The conning tower hatch slammed shut and the boat again dived into the depths of the lake .
NN	" My Prince , " the Death Watchman whispered .
NN	The fellow seized the cup gratefully and drained it in several noisy gulps .
NN	Free , to a Good Home , an ad had read .
NNS	Shouts echoed through the hallway .
NNS	Long dusty corridors filled with the hustle and bustle of imagined spectres only .
NN	Your implant interacts slightly different because of the female chromosome . "
NNS	How are you ladies doing on this fine day ? "
NNS	There were numerous five-star restaurants around the hotel and the food was excellent .
NNS	Crippling sadness had engulfed him as he had realised that never again would they laugh together .
NNS	His designs are less grand in scale .
NN	His slightly melodic accent was nearly impossible to place .
NNS	The eggs in their abdomens hatch as larvae and eat their way out .
NN	The landlord began pouring the libations .
NNS	These tunnels seemed to stretch further .
NNS	" No worries , " said Dan , " we 'll look after her . "
NNS	The wolves scattered into the shadows , out of the glow of twilight .
NN	There was a brilliant spark , then the car shuddered and slowed abruptly , coasting to a stop maybe a foot from the wall .
NNS	Dreamer 's movements beneath her were graceful and fluid as he trotted , then ran , his golden mane flying in the wind .
NN	Trying to drag myself out of a way comfortable bed where I 'm surrounded by fluffy pillows and soft bedding is pretty much the epitome of torture .
NNS	Two daggers flew into the man 's unprotected face .
NN	A new player has arrived . "
NNS	As the gentlemen 's servants collected the burned candles for their masters , His Majesty 's servants replaced them with fresh tapers .
NNS	The hunting horns behind them sounded again .
NNS	" The front gates are the only way in or out that I know of . "
NN	A bullet fired from his 9mm would surely be fatal .
NNS	Gramps wanted to take them , and I 'm glad he did .
NNS	The cells looked as though they had been smashed open a giant wrecking ball .
NN	" How could our drunken homing signals be so off ? "
NN	If some of those she sought to protect were still alive , then her own sacrifice and death could still mean something .
NNS	After they 'd picked their jaws up from the ground , the photographers started to disperse .
NN	The Master paused and nodded slowly before turning back to the Noble .
NNS	Chandelier earrings bobbed against her hair , and her big feet were bare .
NNS	Several pots and pans lay on the very large cast iron stove that filled up half the kitchen .
NNS	" Take him , " the prince commands , and the crowd surges forward .
NN	A shiver ran down her spine at the look in his eye .
NNS	There are whole villages out in the country supporting groups of them .
NN	Warm liquid seeped onto her tongue as his harsh groan split the air .
NNS	Thoughts like , why does his past not scare me more than it does ?
NN	Her heartbreak was way worse than Hanna 's .
NNS	" You know , newlyweds have children all the time . "
NN	Suddenly , a hound walked over to the puddle of wine now forming on the floor , and lapped it up .
NNS	Her fears about the validity of the prophecy remained unresolved .
NN	My grandmother used melted lead , and she said her grandmother used melted silver , but she told me wax would do . "
NNS	The three warriors turned and leaped .
NNS	Then the markings on the tablet began to glow .
NNS	Two swimming pools , tennis , climbing walls , sparring rooms , heavy bag rooms , basketball ; the list went on and on .
NNS	Other people 's family fights were not Shadowhunter business .
NNS	Waves of determination and intensity radiate from him .
NNS	Once they learned of it , the other council members knew what it meant as well .
NNS	Sleeping arrangements were elementary ; find a space , lie down and that was it .
NN	The first option carried disappointment and shame , but the second carried personal guilt .
NNS	There are no camp followers here . "
NN	A tiny but fierce spark of insecurity grabbed hold .
NNS	Marius is very lucky man ! "
NN	She wore a similar bathrobe to Aria 's , the belt knotted tightly around her waist .
NN	" Your aunt Eleanor in Texas would probably be willing to take you girls in for a while . "
NNS	He leaned in , the angles of his face accentuated by the candlelight .
NNS	The corners of his lips arced into a boyish smile .
NNS	The nights had been all hers .
NN	Despair flooded Percival 's mind at that moment .
NN	His traitorous Scooby snack throbbed , anyway .
NN	For Bellamy to question Wyse 's integrity was one thing , but to raise doubts about Roy 's went over the line .
NNS	Between the fellowship and first-class refreshments , however , the ladies come back again and again .
NN	Not much meat or skin on your shin , and apparently it just burned right away ?
NN	Just imagine witnessing every single day your dreadful stupidity .
NNS	Bottles fell forward onto the floor , striking his head on the baseboard .
NN	" A delightful notion , but a mere dream . "
NN	Of course , Carey 's puppet theatre wasn 't the only one to bring the girl to life at the end of the play .
NN	The secretary of defense was saying , " If we delay any longer , the situation is going to get completely out of control .
NNS	Like those of my cooks , her skills were often underutilized .
NNS	Tammie wanders into the kitchen to make herself a sandwich , pretending the lump in her throat doesn 't affect her .
NNS	Two shower curtain rings were hanging from each of the hangers .
NN	Rusty 's aura glowed with the color of smug .
NNS	Folks went west , and often were never seen again .
NNS	All the signs that he was more than just an assistant had been there , but I had just been too enamored to see them .
NN	Hunter 's adrenaline was still pumping through him like crazy .
NN	The sweet yellow pear was almost too ripe ; it gushed juice when she bit into it .
NNS	The side effects don 't bother me , the noises keep me awake and alert as I could ever be .
NNS	Hopefully the currents will dissipate most of it . '
NN	Your government is so good at them .
NN	Dane had twisted his foot inward , stretching his ligaments .
NN	The core absorbs the magick and then it filters it through the body .
NNS	" Doors and windows are top-notch , but the elevator shaft could use some work . "
NNS	There were still dark stains in the parking lot but you couldn 't tell what they had come from if you didn 't know .
NNS	No further letters appeared on the screen .
NN	The first bullet hits the wall .
NNS	Those poor frogs would have been sad indeed if they had not long since snuggled into a deep bed of mud .
NN	A shooting star flared across the sky , and I knew what my wish was immediately .
NN	In a few seconds , a dark sedan drove down the street after Amanda 's Lexus .
NNS	The floors are mostly marble ; each slab actually the top of a tomb in which various knights had been buried .
NNS	Finally , the calculations were complete .
NN	Jo 's pencil tapped an irritated rhythm on the file .
NN	Her ball gown was shredded and completely stained with blood as was her face .
NNS	But the hotel restaurants will deliver , so you don 't have to worry about that if you don 't want to . "
NNS	" But the reserve funds from your sister 's retainer are running low . "
NN	Her body closed around him , accepted every glorious inch of him .
NNS	With a loud clank , noisy mechanical gears raise the door .
NNS	The fears and doubts that had been hounding her all week dissolved in the warmth of his hold .
NN	" Like when you didn 't call me an annoying brat when we were growing up . "
NN	" Why all the tail wagging ? "
NNS	To my knowledge , only greater immortals could do that .
NNS	The leaders have a meeting beforehand to officiate it .
NNS	Things can stop ' in ' time , but time itself can 't stop .
NN	The knight had found his tree again , and they stood , resolute .
NN	Seeing Seth , the sheriff bowed his head and said , " How may I serve you father ? "
NNS	Things were under control with the rebels , but I 'd talked to enough shifters to know the mess was far from over .
NN	The empty tank next to hers shifted slightly , and she heard Bastian drop down inside .
NNS	Sadness filled Della 's eyes and Kylie felt the emotion resonate within herself .
NNS	Maris inhaled and looked down , realizing he was shaking again .
NNS	Thoughts continued to swirl around in my head , but I didn 't have to ask myself , to consider , to decide .
NN	Later , during his shadowing years , his uncle told him about the dosing and when it was done and how it worked .
NNS	Barry 's frogs did what Barry called their famous frog pyramid , which just looked like a pile of frogs to me .
NN	" Admirable enthusiasm Brick , and quite out of character , but we only need to observe them . "
NN	The ruby around her neck was pulsing , glowing like a stoplight , illuminating her face .
NNS	Iain swung around , instincts guiding him .
NN	At once lightning flashed , arcing through their bodies , through the chamber , sizzling and dancing and snapping .
NNS	He asks , feeling hopelessness wash over him .
NNS	" Many other races go for a far more direct route in their enjoyment of substances . "
NNS	Things I can 't explain .
NN	Any holiday or world event would do as an excuse for a themed gathering .
NN	CHAPTER 4 How quickly the angel became the devil .
NNS	My instincts tell me to run to her , but I almost got myself killed the last time I did that .
NNS	But her gifts , as you call them , were too many to count . "
NN	A squirrel scurried out from underneath a bush .
NN	The stream , never big to begin with , was level with its banks after the recent rainfall .
NNS	The downstairs rooms had been cleared of furniture , save for a stray piece or two .
NN	" What is a clown ? "
NN	" Did the spider tickle you anywhere before you swallowed it ? "
NNS	Or even the disappearances , or Christopher 's death .
NNS	But the drugs coursing through her brain had a magical power .
NNS	The bright colors made her dark eyes all the more piercing .
NN	Marco peered over the newspaper at me , his black oval rimmed glasses sliding down the brim of his slightly crooked nose .
NN	The reunion , once all elements of danger had been removed , had been lengthy and exquisite .
NN	" Where is my uncle , anyway ?
NN	Remind them who they 're dealing with , " the commander emphasized .
NN	As she went , a glint caught Medusa 's eye .
NNS	" Things were really starting to get interesting . "
NNS	The zombies burst through the door behind them .
NNS	The bartender 's movements were quick and practiced .
NNS	The last remnants of his orgasm coated my core , keeping me constantly wet .
NNS	Its vocal cords had long since dried out , and it was in a rasping whisper that it spoke .
NNS	There were several dozen worms as well .
NNS	The Marsh creatures below me scattered , just as I landed on the soft ground .
NNS	Shimmer 's nostrils dilated as she breathed in deeply .
NNS	Unable to bat away so many arrows fired at once , Link jerks on the reigns to duck down a side alley .
NNS	" Maybe once classes start tomorrow things will feel more normal . "
NNS	And then there are these cliffs , and they go down into nothing .
NN	But the porter frowns .
NNS	There were eight hidden cameras in various locations , focusing on the first shop from the Gateway .
NN	The goblin dipped in a small bow and scurried out the door .
NN	My tray flies , and the remnants of my food scatter , some landing in my hair .
NN	" Go out wandering tonight on those feet and you 'll be right back here in the morning , " the healer had warned .
NNS	Humans who weren 't a threat to Shay 's pack or the species , more broadly .
NNS	There were coyotes in the woods , and wolves .
NN	" The breakfast menu is small , as you can see . "
NNS	Still , the kisses are warm and wet , almost as if on my bare skin .
NNS	Yet the members around the table often leaned away from him and whispered in hushed tones .
NN	What 's my explanation going to be ?
NN	When the floor creaked below my feet , dread like I 've never experienced stabbed through me .
NN	Our Physics teacher looms over the group .
NN	Surprised , the sheriff had no choice but to drop his pistol and ordered the rest of the gang to follow .
NNS	' The courts can infer guilt from your lack of comment , Mr Murphy . ' '
NNS	Fellows took a sip of coffee , which was rich and full , the best in the world .
NNS	The drugs only made her body feel sluggish .
NN	The future mayor of Last Chance gave him a big American smile filled with very white teeth .
NN	A small bouquet of fresh flowers from Carole 's garden decorated each top .
NNS	My workout gloves were falling apart at the seams , literally .
NNS	With his first step , the boards , drenched and ancient , sagged under his weight .
NNS	All the strings sounded fine apart from the A string .
NN	The cottage was a fair size .
NNS	His instincts were for the latter , but he was extremely curious about how much the FBI knew .
NN	As a sophomore , the hunger got worse .
NN	My uncle shot me a dark look and then continued .
NN	As the sun turned west there was a gleam of yellow upon its far roof , as if the light caught the last pale leaves .
NN	Amos Thompson 's white buffalo stood amid the dunes surrounding Winkler 's beach house , guarding the property with two of Winkler 's wolves .
NNS	Her hands lay in her lap , wrists still bandaged .
NN	" The sheriff is considering whether to call this Ebrahim or send somebody up to talk with him in person .
NNS	Tears were still flowing from Vijay 's eyes .
NN	The same beefy footman emerged , this time carrying a man out over his shoulder .
NNS	The surroundings were familiar - this was the records room at the top of the north tower .
NNS	The hallway went on and on , until she reached the door at the far end , the cells on either side numbered ninety-eight and ninety-nine .
NN	The scar looked unusually menacing ; the darkness in it flowing like hot tar .
NN	The rear bumper was rusted and bent , holding onto its last rubber bungee cord ; she was positive this was the same vehicle .
NN	" This is vandalism , " the principal said as he started through .
NNS	After the board received it , several members called to ask what on earth had come over her .
NN	Dan 's uncle ignited the burning system by pressing a button .
NN	The audience cheered and began chanting the creature 's name .
NN	Standing there was a young messenger angel , bent over in exhaustion .
NNS	Seconds later -- completely nude , her hair drenched -- she stood at the doorway to her bedroom .
NNS	With any luck , whoever planted the surveillance cameras would scramble to remove them before the movers had a chance of finding them .
NN	" Syd , the nurses will be pissed , " his mate said .
NNS	Bugs loved the idea .
NNS	With a flick of the wrist , the blades unfurled and cleaved flesh with more force than any standard sword .
NNS	Not that her servants intruded unduly , but Amira had never realized just how much they were underfoot until she wanted time to herself .
NNS	The curling strands of his chest hair seemed to scrape my sensitive nipples , but I rubbed myself against him anyway .
NN	The violence in this story is the most explicit of anything I have written .
NN	" But the prophecy didn 't say anything about slaughter ! "
NNS	The ethylene levels were rising and seismic activity , well , it was hard to tell , but it seemed to be on the upswing .
NN	As he watched Craig and Anna for a moment through their craft 's windshield -- kissing passionately , the pilot grinned with relief .
NN	My splash total y kicks Henry 's splash 's ass .
NNS	Three broad bridges crossed the calm waters , and were the only means of entering the city .
NNS	The EMP grenades are hardened against their own effects , so the others should still work .
NNS	Jess shrugged him off .
NNS	After about a week , the cliffs became lower , and the land more gently rolling .
NNS	There are squares on the ground drawn in chalk where you 're supposed to stand .
NNS	Aris kissed the top of Alex 's head , put his finger below his chin , bringing his gaze up to his .
NNS	Alexis jumped in and refereed their bickering for just a few moments .
NNS	" Oh , no , such visits are as rare as trees .
NN	Not a single fellow protested .
NN	So much chaos existed throughout the city , everyone was on edge .
NNS	The images from my nightmare linger , haunting me .
NNS	No hearts involved , wasn 't that what he 'd told her ?
NNS	All the eggs will be in one basket , then .
NNS	His credentials did appear immaculate . '
NNS	Others among the crowd expressed quiet hostility and anxiety towards the vampires .
NN	Silence hummed again for a few seconds .
NNS	Lukas said in German as they enjoyed glasses of brandy .
NN	The acid in my stomach was changing to triumph .
NN	A twinge of possessiveness fired through him .
NN	A tractor might have made it over but our bus would likely not .
NNS	But paper documents were the only remnants of a time long past , before everything had been converted into the digital archives of the verse .
NNS	The two members of the phantom only praying the fleet of destroyer class ships hadn 't see them .
NN	The resounding clash is like thunder as armor crashes into armor , pikes break through shields , and swords meet .
NNS	" My apologies , " the vampire said to the stranger nervously .
NNS	Chills ran down my spine as all the vampires possessed by Elders set their sights on me .
NN	" Seems a van crashed yesterday afternoon and they found two men in it who had been murdered .
NNS	But these aliens had done it !
NN	Once injected , the coke would take around fifteen seconds to begin to take effect .
NNS	The winged sandals were a dead giveaway to his identity .
NNS	A few minutes later , the ladies pulled up to Albert 's office door .
NNS	There are two aspects in which you may be able to help us .
NN	The teacher had only told Sawyer that I could work on one project while I was gone , and hand it in when I got back .
NN	A loud whistle rings out and I jump out of bed , racing to Glitch .
NNS	Its tentacles shivered , shook , quivered uncontrollably .
NN	Yer south of Lancaster , did ye notice a stench in your drinking supply ? "
NN	Her editor tried , but was instantly made aware of the dangers in rocking the boat .
NNS	Chills shot straight to my core when I heard the bed groan under his weight .
NNS	Tears filled Sasha 's eyes as Ammon smiled and looked at her with all the love in the world shining from his own glistening eyes .
NN	His accent curled thickly on the word in his sleepiness .
NN	This territory is infested .
NN	" And this map was from the eighteenth century ? "
NNS	Lots of quick fingers here could lift a package and be on the next street before you know you 've been robbed . "
NN	The chase was on .
NN	The Manager was going to be gone for a week so he had total control of the Forest Sector .
NN	The only alternative in Canada is Vancouver or Montreal .
NNS	" Or do car thieves make minimum wage these days ? "
NNS	Her movements were so jerky , she flung dirt onto my legs .
NN	Your crew isn 't working hard enough .
NNS	Waxing floors is for the purpose of protecting them from stain and other damages .
NNS	Street signs , small trees , and fire hydrants all whipped past me .
NNS	Doors will slam shut in her face if she weds you .
NNS	Warm during the days , the nights could be cold or as it was tonight , almost sultry .
NNS	The very boards of the hull bent and let in the sea .
NNS	" Besides , " he went on , " the teachers aren 't going to assign us anything critical right now .
NN	' Our singer can sing . '
NNS	The pillars were still warming up , but the more powerful they got the more obvious it became to Mac about what was going on .
NN	Not a single neighbor so much as opened their door during the course of the event .
NN	There 's still that slight slur that says it hasn 't even worn off yet .
NN	He 'd never dreamed it would get her killed , and neither had I. Scarlet dress , dark brown hair , strong , slender build .
NN	The crash had thrown Allie clear out of the girl 's body .
NNS	Images burst behind my eyes .
NNS	The different cameras then picked up the rest of the action .
NN	A prickle of satisfaction ran through him .
NNS	Myles didn 't seem to like this story .
NN	This announcement created another stir .
NNS	' There are many accounts .
NN	The only option left now was to jump from the window , and hope no one saw me do it .
NNS	There 's all kinds of radiation or something . "
NN	The courtroom was respectfully quiet except for my sister , Margaret , who sat in the front row and wept like a baby .
NNS	She was still standing in the doorway , watching us , a faceless silhouette .
NNS	The visitors thought the meeting was taking place up the slope at the manor .
NNS	However small your chances of success are if you got those chances - are zero if you do not go .
NN	" So , your captain said that you 're having some trouble , Jeff .
NNS	" Things aren 't going quite the way I expected , that 's all . "
NN	His sympathy didn 't erase anything .
NNS	My abilities are killing me and vampire blood is the only cure .
NNS	Off came large strips of meat , which he in turn cut down into small portions .
NNS	Then the work tables are less than two yards from the forge pit , and they 're made of wood .
NNS	More footsteps sounded nearby as the other men joined the first .
NNS	The doctors wanted to cut him up .
NNS	Folks around here know my connection to you . "
NN	" The landlord 's not here yet . "
NNS	Love potions are tricky and unreliable . "
NN	" Part of the reason I 'm here is to get on those birth control pills we talked about . "
NN	The clamor seemed to echo the muddled state of my mind .
NNS	Maks stood and aimed his pistol down at the floor just beside the boy 's head and fired .
NN	His personality matched the bad boy presence attributed to teenage angst .
NNS	" Our characters are perfect together .
NNS	Others prefer to visit a tavern and drink to the setting of the sun .
NNS	" And who are these suspicious characters ? "
NN	Her nightgown waited for her , hanging on the back of the door .
NN	com Web site to update the others on his latest kills .
NN	The groggy nap hangover began to fade .
NNS	" Your sons have gotten themselves mixed up with it . "
NNS	He hoped she 'd stay , hoped they could explore the possibilities .
NNS	Asking him to play something after assuring him that it was okay the nurses did not mind .
NNS	And though she didn 't think it possible , his dimples became more pronounced , making it blasted hard not to smile back .
NNS	And once the procedure is established , those figures will triple .
NNS	Iris nodded and went into the kitchen to prepare breakfast .
NN	' Ghost ' for example , doesn 't that just conjure up a kid in a white sheet ?
NNS	Britney bows and blows kisses .
NN	The suitcase was large and heavy , as she didn 't know for how long she would be gone .
NNS	His chances of setting up a successful landscape architecture practice at Coffs Harbour and specialising in eastern style landscapes was waning .
NNS	All attendants summoned here watched the sand fall .
NN	The leader smirked as he walked in , and Altair regarded him for a moment , seeing him shrink a little under his gaze .
NNS	Personal shoppers were on the top floor , but I could dress her , right ?
NNS	Words are just interpretations of our thoughts . "
NNS	Thoughts of Billie were haunting him .
NN	An immediate and unanimous chorus of murmured agreement answered him , but Kellan was already moving on with Mira in tow .
NN	A shout went up , and I stumbled backward , shocked by the noise , but I soon realized it was a cheer .
NNS	There are three spires jutting up toward the sky .
NN	Said Griff with a sneer , " perhaps a sound bruising will curb your insolence , fool . "
NNS	The few immortals in attendance pinned me with their scrutiny .
NNS	The linked deaths include a nearly even 18 women and 21 men .
NNS	Muscles rippled beneath his thin shirt and there was a fluid grace to his every stride .
NNS	Looks like the kid was right .
NN	Another canoe came by .
NNS	Those thousands of souls extinguished .
NNS	Her thumbs worked wildly while she typed a message out to Mike .
NN	And no-one liked looking at what was in the trap .
NN	The buoyant vine wouldn 't let her break free of the current , so she untied it .
NNS	But facts had always been her mainstay and her armor .
NNS	Then again the aliens had brought life saving , advanced medicine , with them upon arrival .
NN	His daddy didn 't usually like games , but Max loved them .
NNS	You Hollywood types don 't understand that ! "
NN	" If only that reputation would spread to everyone else .
NN	The van had plowed into the rear of another car , parked along the side , and car alarms were going off .
NNS	The layered scents were more vivid and intense than any sensory indulgence he had ever encountered .
NN	This gown will last a lifetime . "
NN	If he showed mercy , or did not fight to his full potential , then the tribe would kill them both .
NN	A hard warrior who risked death so she could protect all her tiny human kin .
NN	Maybe the library had once had a doorway of its own , one that had been closed up .
NNS	Rufus was extremely uneasy .
NNS	The door flings open and a thin man with black hair and a heavily scared face comes storming in .
NN	The politically correct demographic slice of Americana : one white guy , one black guy and one woman , ethnicity may vary .
NNS	Their directions took them to a large almost new motel in the northeast quadrant of the city .
NN	A growl worked its way out of my chest and into the night .
NNS	" Initiation coins aren 't for everyone .
NN	The momentum pulled me back and I flailed my arms for balance .
NN	A sharp stab of pain throbbed through his temples , making his thoughts come to him in a dizzy spin .
NN	Her announcement seemed to have knocked those in disagreement into temporary silence .
NN	The vicar 's an old friend -- well , old family friend .
NN	The writing was as clean and crisp as the day it was written .
NNS	In the book , the characters had searched for the others , only to get separated and end up alone .
NNS	Rules that must be followed , " he said .
NN	Robin was asleep on my couch , his laptop plugged in on my desk .
NNS	When this finally sank in , his shyness burned away .
NNS	His sparse furnishings kind of reminded her a lot of IKEA .
NN	The thief shook his head .
NNS	The EOD agents had closed their case .
NN	Her French accent showed when she was excited or amused .
NNS	The restlessness was driving him crazy .
NNS	" Why are the servants all about so early ? "
NNS	Paolo 's letters were becoming shorter and fewer and far between .
NNS	" Do not stare at me in that rude , disrespectful fashion , " the duchess snapped when she caught Alexandra 's expression .
NNS	The footsteps came closer .
NNS	The levers all had knobs as big as pool balls , which made them easy to manipulate with his palms .
NNS	Drugs made people do things they otherwise never would .
NNS	Other than the bank , there were a few stores owned by fresh immigrants who sold gaudy counterfeit goods .
NN	The clever leader will compound the error by moving quickly in the appropriate direction .
NN	A red carpet welcome ?
NN	That theory puts me into bankruptcy . "
NNS	Long , curved , and pointed horns gleamed menacingly in the moonlight .
NNS	Others were trying to help people who were hurt in accidents .
NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
NNS	Soldiers instantly surrounded her and she put up her hands , opening her bag so they could see that it was only filled with medical supplies .
NNS	Things had a fuzzy appearance .
NN	As her eyes adjusted , a hard pit formed in her stomach .
NN	A student reached the intersection shortly after me .
NNS	Huge paintings of kings past lined the walls and all draperies were a very rich scarlet color .
NNS	In the end , the consequences are yours and yours alone to face .
NN	Somewhere up the governmental line and outside the University ( the latter which was pleased with the idea ) , a snag developed .
NNS	' Why don 't you gentlemen let me take care of that ? '
NNS	Your aquatic abilities may still play a role in upcoming challenges , but alas , those talents will be wielded by others . "
NNS	Bugs had touched a lot of lives in his brief moment in the spotlight .
NNS	Looks like I 'm ' creative ' after all ... " I shoved him away playfully , " That 's still not fair !
NNS	And his kisses were making it all better , well , almost all better .
NNS	" Our hearts are too full for words tonight . "
NN	The tenderness between mother and child distracted me .
NN	If this is a victory , what 's a defeat then ?
NNS	Several deep breaths in and out as silent as he could make them helped his racing heart slow to a near normal pulse .
NNS	The ancestors wanted Cassie , but if they couldn 't get her , they 'd just try for someone else .
NN	The aroma of her stayed with him .
NN	The lack of sleep from trying to avoid his father 's fists was slowing him down .
NNS	Thin slivers of silver , tiny specks of humanity , peeked through the darkness of his soul , barely there .
NNS	Some drips of water were coming from the roof of the cavern .
NNS	Their minds will be more open then .
NN	A long blue carpet edged in silver led across the polished stone floor toward the dais , where the regent sat upon a great ivory chair .
NN	" Okay , the buck stops here . "
NNS	Finally , his gaze lands back on me and I can see his pulse throbbing in his neck , so damn nervous and strangely so am I .
NNS	Looks like bringing them was a good choice .
NNS	Aurelius moved his scanner across the blood .
NN	For all of her support throughout the writing process .
NN	The chase felt good .
NNS	The images of Matteo 's men , my comrades , strewn on the ground .
NNS	The freshly shined floors dazzled , glinting in the hard September sunlight that streamed in through the school 's open front doors .
NN	The revenge of my Master 's Orb had been too horrible to imagine .
NN	There isn 't one disappointing inch on Trick 's entire body !
NNS	" My clients can 't have done something in Illinois when they were in California all day .
NNS	" If I 'm remembering correctly there are trails pretty close in either direction .
NN	The bike lunged forward once , then choked , jerking under them like a bucking horse .
NNS	My only ideas about patting a suspect down came from television .
NN	Slowly , very slowly , our Sun cools off . "
NN	His favorite trick was to catch Riverside Avenue at the aqueduct and turn the corner to McBride parkway .
NNS	The brilliant figures still surround him .
NN	A quick , hard jab to the ribs would double him over , giving them time to get away .
NN	Part of him was afraid he was moving in that direction .
NNS	Tiny white worms writhed and burrowed , swarming to the cells to reproduce as quickly as possible .
NNS	All cabinet members sat in the conference room , next to the Oval Office in the Whitehouse .
NN	Thinking of Will sucks , and it makes my eyes sting , but I 'm okay .
NNS	The entire thing was swallowed up in the earthquake , crushed flat , the catacombs pulverized . '
NN	A large panel in the floor of the cabin slid away , revealing the ocean beneath them .
NNS	These dresses aren 't cheap you know .
NN	" We 're hit , " the pilot announces .
NNS	The users seem to lack any stimulating mentality .
NN	A pitcher with wine and glasses awaited them and a servant girl was already pouring it for them , hands shaking .
NN	Her guilt over her sister was palpable .
NN	Our pa gave us odd middle names and usually they were the names of the town or profession that related to the apostle we were named after .
NN	Sierra 's convoy placed her on the stage and she was quickly pulled into Damien 's arms .
NNS	Others sat on blankets in pairs , one 's head on the other 's shoulder , given the late hour .
NN	My grandmother was a very generous woman .
NN	You need the strength to get away , her hunger tempted her .
NN	Though late to the party , their arrival couldn 't have come at a better time .
NN	" The crown is cool and all , but we 're not kings .
NNS	What a feeling , like rotting eggs spoiling inside your stomach , the stench seeping out through your pores .
NNS	The lovers weren 't going to get some romantic , happy ending .
NN	If nothing else , the sergeant had said that the class leaders were in prime position to be selected for the actual Legion .
NN	The sergeant and lieutenant made more dramatic if not faster recoveries .
NNS	Several pairs of eyes watched the move .
NN	I pulled out my phone and brought up the matches the software had created for the foam slots .
NNS	I would remind you that we are only on this planet to retrieve two lost Stuff It cards .
NNS	The letters he sent to Edward and Eadie betrayed his remorse as well as his sorrow .
NNS	By the next June , not even the hot mineral baths could cool Goethe 's desire .
NNS	Two more figures came toward them , indistinct amid the swirling sleet until one of them called , " Did you find her ? "
NN	Her therapist subconscious had no response on the matter .
NN	" The young witch before you , " Carmela pointed smugly .
NNS	Folks in Dundee took school sports very seriously .
NN	The flame in my stomach was roaring now , consuming me and scorching my mind .
NN	The priest was all he had to work with and time was short .
NNS	Huge spotlights drenched every inch of our little pocket of grass .
NN	Neal teaching Alice how to make Jiffy Pop .
NNS	" Healthy couples talk about things . "
NN	Her black bra is clearly visible underneath .
NNS	' How about wildly beautiful , ridiculously smart and a never-ending surprise ? '
NN	The hatch slid closed right on Henninger 's mid-section , trapping him half way out of his planned escape .
NN	The blue comforter on the bed looked rumpled , as if someone had been laying on it .
NN	" Yes , he will , " Derek 's grandmother says without hesitation .
NN	The bird backed off , not knowing what to do .
NNS	Others climbed into the four remaining church vans .
NN	Another loud crash sounded .
NNS	Unfortunately , all the colleges had just gotten out for summer and jobs were scarce as the students had already snapped up most of them .
NN	Quite simply , the exhibition changed Ruth that week .
NN	Personally , my virginity never bothered me until I met you ... " She was in a panic .
NN	But when I sat at the head of a long table while plate after plate were placed in front of me , my appetite disappeared .
NNS	The other tests came back too .
NN	The core was also surely inefficient ; its imperfect nature would make it consume more energy for the same result .
NNS	His own losses had made him angry as well , but he hadn 't given up on others .
NN	The knight did not stir , and Thor looked down and saw a piece of a wooden shaft stuck in his ribs , piercing his armor .
NNS	" But , oh , Tom , your wrists - " They were torn , bleeding .
NNS	Modern guns shoot just fine wet , but he 'd begun using firearms when dry powder meant life or death , and old habits die hard .
NN	My stupidity isn 't the baby 's fault . "
NNS	There are always fires .
NN	The last time Serena drank it she was pleasantly inebriated for hours , suggesting there is more more to the mixture than just lemongrass .
NN	The stack of paperwork on my desk was calling my name and I sighed , nabbed one more shrimp , then started closing up containers .
NN	On the map , this settlement had a slash mark by it .
NN	The canyon had water and grass , with trees to provide shade .
NN	The roar in the room turned deafening , and Sarah spun about to see Julie dangling her stocking from one finger .
NNS	Just a few buildings burned by local hill bandits ! "
NN	" That scenario terrifies me . "
NN	Nonetheless , Dr. Pollock 's theory still seemed like a stretch .
NNS	Hannah 's paintings would have been better .
NN	There was an exclamation , a friendly greeting , and a quick conversation .
NNS	Looks like I 'm changing a tire in the pouring rain after all .
NNS	Electric signals will direct blood and other chemicals to different parts of our bodies to activate our talents .
NN	Even the reminder of the horrible nightmare didn 't distract her from what his hand was doing .
NNS	Even so , her eyelids were so heavy that she couldn 't stay awake no matter how hard she tried .
NNS	Low murmurs soon penetrated my unconscious state , elevating me from dark delights and back into reality .
NNS	Looks like it 's finally going to come in handy .
NNS	Chances were they wouldn 't leave until the next shift arrived , not while he was a wanted murderer .
NN	When he reached the kitchen , the stench caught him off guard .
NNS	In between the boards was a room .
NN	A spark ignites in her eyes .
NNS	There were occasions when they could receive mail , but it wasn 't likely to happen this trip .
NN	The transfixed glare of men and women bathed her in adoration .
NNS	Besides , regular visits are necessary for her sanity -- shrub overgrowth or no .
NN	" No offense , Kimbra , but you are out of your league with this situation . "
NNS	Things would have been different then .
NN	Although the Medical Centre had completed the tests free of charge , there was still a sizable bill for the first series of examinations .
NNS	Obviously there weren 't many visitors around here .
NN	The dog 's plumed tail wagged frantically as it trotted back to the little girl .
NN	Her shadowy reflection on the screen grinned back at her .
NNS	Her headaches probably had more to do with that than anything .
NN	Kylie actual y felt proud of herself for figuring it out .
NNS	The bullets clinched it . "
NN	I ' l leave you a trail in ... " He thought for a second and then chuckled once .
NN	The dwarf nodded vigorously and he bounced on his toes .
NN	the rider sitting behind me cries out in warning .
NNS	The numbness was sliding away , and now the pain was sharp and tearing .
NN	The man 's accent was clearly English .
NNS	One agonizing scream , and then it was over .
NNS	" The aliens are my friends too .
NN	But the ritual called for them all to play their roles .
NN	So that even if she walks out of our uncle 's dungeon one day , she ' l just be a walking corpse .
NNS	Two DVDs in rental cases sat next to the array , tagged with a common yellow sticky note which read : Dimitri , return these on Monday .
NNS	" My trusted servants have been keeping tabs on you since your very untimely birth . "
NNS	Both species have similar sized brains and are known to fornicate for pleasure , as opposed to reproduction .
NN	The drone gave no indication that it had understood .
NN	The dead man 's flashlight had fallen from his hand .
NNS	In our world , there are no limits to the rewards of merit .
NN	There was a huge billboard on the front of Olympic Stadium ! "
NNS	Both bikes received several beatings from the snow-covered potholes .
NN	What if the language were to change just as significantly in the next six hundred years ?
NN	The more he talked , the more Dwayne liked him and his ideas .
NNS	Dios gave him a stare that would have caused a sphinx to blink and look away .
NNS	" First , there are no guarantees on anything .
NNS	Tris rolls her eyes .
NN	A fellow can 't sleep with all this religion going on .
NN	A plump and generous threesome tasting of a hint of rose and coriander . "
NNS	But certain types of personalities are almost always present .
NNS	Things were changing and it struck me the way Southern California had grown in population .
NN	But the flinch was the only thing Alexei got from him .
NNS	In Indian spiritual philosophy , the ancestors prescribed a mechanism to be in exalted state of this super consciousness .
NN	The priest managed to catch a modest amount of blood with a bowl , and poured it over the altar .
NN	A bump in the road woke her .
NNS	But , dear , these cards show of a great change coming your way in the future .
NNS	The twins were the only ones who watched television .
NN	Just fucking kill me and get it over with .
NN	This unexpected arrival would throw the morning off .
NN	The Battle Upon this relatively cooler slope we turned and stood to fight -- with doubtful hope .
NN	The pulsing hatred behind the words she screamed at me earlier return .
NN	The sword tip quivered inches from her chest , and she puffed it out even farther so that the tip touched the buttons on her shirt .
NN	The dragon hissed in annoyance , " I want to be left alone !
NNS	These necklaces are to remind us of our island sisters , and they will help us to find them ... . "
NN	The trio followed the old man down the middle of the street .
NNS	At best these equations can mimic a few particles in very simple processes .
NNS	The constant near-death experiences created tension that was best alleviated with extended hot sex .
NN	A lump forms in my throat .
NNS	Cowboy was sitting on the edge of the porch , his feet hanging off the boards , his left arm pressing the ice to his wounds .
NN	When things don 't go my way my first instinct is to whine about it .
NNS	All the fresh vegetables , bright colors , and tasty seafood that was in most of it was right up my alley .
NN	Nowadays , hollering was more effective , unless they were really into it , in which case nothing would work .
NNS	Trystan 's kisses didn 't .
NN	On his face was a breathing mask that was hooked into a respirator machine .
NN	The book 's author retains sole copyright to all intellectual contributions to this book , including but not limited to text and images .
NN	Where the hell is that bartender ? "
NN	" Oh , Brittany , " the redhead said .
NN	The Program erased part of the reason why I 'm angry with him ; I can feel it .
NN	Lying there , a strange clarity overcame Alexi which allowed her to see that Wayne would refuse to understand .
NNS	Her ankles were wobbling all over the place as we moved slowly across the ice .
NN	The new memorial downtown held hope , though , and soothed some of the emptiness and grief of New Yorkers .
NNS	Things at the B and B are really coming together , so everyone 's working flat out . "
NNS	Flames and some jagged pieces of glass clung to the frame , making it look like the mouth to hell .
NN	There was no hesitation in his voice .
NNS	The dinosaurs hadn 't chased them .
NN	A low chuckle interrupts Flynn and the crowd of Murderers part at the sound revealing a tall man dressed entirely in black .
NN	And then the boarding ramp on the ship begins to unfold .
NN	The maw expanded until a red planet appeared .
NN	Love for him had rolled over her fast and fierce , but then she wasn 't a woman to shy away from a challenge .
NN	Chance parked , and I climbed out of the car .
NNS	Budget cuts were always backwards ; up the police budget and cut services to the people on the edge .
NN	She thumped to the ground , hard , her hip and shoulder striking packed earth .
NNS	These faraway tales provided the fertile ground which produced a rich imagination capable of spinning strange and unique stories of distant lands and people .
NN	Its long tail , which had already scored a hit against her leg , knocking her aside earlier , was swinging ominously .
NN	An armoire stood against the wall at the foot of the bed and a writing desk sat in the front of a large picture window .
NN	Yellow crime scene tape stands out pretty well amid the swaying grass and cypress trees .
NNS	The canoes are already at the river . "
NN	Steve tip toed across and pushed the door open .
NN	" Your accent , " Tucker said .
NN	A twinkle caught Kate 's eye , and the corners of her mouth twitched up .
NN	A training collar is a metal necklace with blunt points bent in towards the neck .
NN	A barely stifled whimper slipped from his mouth as he pulled his hand back and chewed on his knuckles .
NNS	There were cameras stationed at each fence corner and on the corners of the buildings , too .
NNS	Anyway , the pink dolphins began to herd fish into the grotto so that I could learn how to feed myself .
NN	Then the vigil began .
NNS	Images of sweet Kim and her family becoming part of Charlie 's circle of indentured servitude made her want to vomit .
NNS	At regular intervals , about four inches apart , there were metal bars running from the brickwork above down to the outside windowsill .
NNS	Because of this , all meetings had to be called at least ten hours in advance to give workers time to clear away machines and fabrics .
NN	The photograph of the little swimming critters then morphed into a really realistic drawing , which turned into a cartoon .
NN	Every once in a while the rogue strands would invade her eyes and be brushed away by an annoyed hand .
NN	The angel laughed at her .
NNS	The temperatures during the day were reaching the upper sixties , and at night they would drop down near thirty .
NN	Love turned from the window and strode over to his desk .
NN	The predator in the shadows spoke softly to calm her , whispered a command even as he enfolded her in his arms .
NNS	" There are some pretty decent hotels in the next town over . "
NN	This hard man wannabe isn 't as good as he thinks he is .
NNS	Her lashes curled against her cheek as she slept soundly .
NN	If I try , your granddaughter will most likely die from the attempt . "
NNS	The directions of ends and beginnings are polar and perfect in the way they fit together .
NNS	" Sometimes bloodlines grow weaker and weaker with each passing generation , and what began as genius slides down toward idiocy eventually . "
NNS	Looks like a nasty character . "
NNS	This would require thick skin , something Clay did not possess and was not certain he could develop .
NN	His h * ps met the backs of her legs then pressed firmer still as he pushed even harder .
NNS	His players felt bad enough .
NN	His partner was Marla , and she was indeed a mom from the suburbs of Philadelphia .
NN	The damage was quite extensive not to mention that both of the EMTs in the ambulance needed to go to the hospital . "
NNS	Controlled bursts , conserve your ammo , " he yelled over the sound of firing as the small group of humans clustered back to back for protection .
NNS	Lights came on down the street , and the gunfire continued at the edge of town .
NNS	" Things are really taking off . "
NN	But then the sanity would return , her instinctive courage .
NN	" Your grandmother wanted you and loved you . "
NN	" What if there 's a crisis at school ? "
NNS	Her own actions had been stupid and irresponsible .
NNS	There are no cameras on that part of the High Street so we can 't get a look at who left the note .
NN	There 's a huge range of gifts out there , and some of them are more powerful than others . "
NNS	All her fears about the pregnancy and impending motherhood had gone away , and now she just felt excitement when she thought of holding her twin babies .
NNS	The doctors have so far been unable to wake her . '
NNS	His eyelids flicker , but that is all .
NNS	Then the coolness dissipated , like dew on the morning ground , and the edge of Thomas 's mouth lifted .
NN	The black snake had swollen to nearly twice its usual size .
NNS	Smells good , " I said as I sat down and took a bite .
NN	This gnawing ache deep inside my chest , below my scar .
NN	Until she is happy once more , discontent will plague the earth .
NNS	The drums took most of the day-long session .
NN	A cold thrill of fear spreads through me .
NNS	Some designs spoke of different gang affiliations , while some showed knowledge of his identity , and contempt at that knowledge .
NNS	Things haven 't even gotten nasty .
NNS	Fiona gets the type of furious , envious glares from women you think only exist in the imaginations of movie directors .
NN	With its windpipe cut off , the hound made no sound at all .
NN	" Yeah , " Jazz agreed softly .
NN	Of course , playful was a relative term .
NN	The majority were wearing the distinctive uniforms that identified their employers on sight .
NN	The impotent ghost . "
NNS	The views were spectacular , every way she looked .
NN	A log burnt through its core , the last thread dissolving like a bridge collapsing into a lake of coals .
NN	Then the first pump exploded .
NNS	The fairies accused the witches because they sometimes used tiger blood in some of their spel s .
NN	Rina 's demand sounded hoarse to her own ears .
NN	The biggest Great Dane I 'd ever seen was four and a half feet long .
NN	But the ghost of Hana did not vanish .
