PAST	She leaped toward Jasper even as she screamed , " Shoot him , Cale ! "
PRES	You wash all of our laundry .
PRES	" The sand yacht . "
PRES	A look of question pops on his face .
PAST	" Beauty fades , but dumb is forever , " Scarlet countered .
PAST	The word ' forever ' lingered in my mind .
PAST	Simon tugged on the chain .
PRES	" It helps you fight off an attack , and it 's truly remarkable , but I don 't want you to do it right now .
PAST	I prayed to God that the principal be ' on leave ' that day .
PRES	You just assume all outcomes will be in your favor .
PRES	-- Amir Ahmed CHAPTER ONE : THE SANTA " Over there ! "
PAST	Water sloshed over the rim , drenching the front of my red devil costume .
PAST	Its fist smashed the rocky ground in a synchronized wave , rattling the surroundings .
PAST	Clay hired him on the spot for $ 75,000 a year .
PAST	" Oh no , " exclaimed Sam .
PRES	Small , blond , curvy .
PRES	I flick my tongue across his swollen head .
PAST	" This baby is a Hightower , dear , " Beth countered .
PAST	He massaged one tantalizing breast , enjoying the way her skin flushed under his gentle caress .
PRES	" Not repulsive . "
PAST	She donned her boy shorts and long-sleeve Henley before returning to her room .
PAST	As if she truly didn 't care whether or not someone loved her , as long as he at least pretended to .
PRES	Her mouth freezes open halfway as the brown wooden door finally slides open and a man walks out .
PAST	He unzipped the outer pocket and extracted the small case that carried Deuce 's extra set of contacts .
PAST	Emily clutched her arms around herself .
PRES	" I 'm going to be more honest with you right now , Jess , than I 've ever been with anyone in my life .
PRES	It falls to the sand in a pile of plastic and string .
PRES	The sun rises and sets on that kid . "
PRES	Oil Wrestlers Gone Wild . "
PRES	" She belongs to the family , and we belong to her .
PRES	Her gaze falls on Kai .
PRES	He stops , and looks back at me .
PRES	" Then I apologize ! "
PAST	I crawled on the floor to the windows .
PAST	" Madeleine , " he rasped out .
PRES	Joe stiffened , suddenly on alert .
PRES	I crave it for myself and my child , but it feels so unattainable . "
PAST	He moaned something indecipherable in his sleep , tucking his face into my neck .
PAST	I bounced back when I ran into a girl the size thrice as me .
PRES	" It 's her , " Skyla whispers .
PAST	" Oh , honey , it 's beautiful , " her mother exclaimed .
PAST	the thin old man drawled insultingly .
PRES	My fist hovers in front of the door .
PRES	You and that brat .
PRES	Adel sees that Nora has made up her mind .
PAST	The afflicted exhaled and it was over .
PAST	fake Mira commanded , pointing at Jace .
PRES	But he nods , resolute with this plan .
PAST	" He stole the money from the evidence room .
PRES	He chuckles then pats my shoulders as if to say my back is now free of dirt .
PAST	At the second station he ceased to exist . "
PAST	But his eyes glowed with obvious pride and satisfaction as he looked at his three daughters .
PRES	" You out sightseeing , or are you looking for something ? "
PRES	For the first time in his life , Timothy wishes he were shorter .
PAST	A recording of a soft female voice announced the name of the next station .
PRES	She reaches high , so high , followed in every movement by the strings as if they are at her command .
PRES	And he brings a friend named Reynaldo .
PRES	She likes your dress . "
PRES	Dad snaps his head up .
PAST	Exiting with two other gentlemen she did not recognize , the angel in disguise accompanied the men inside the squat Kondo with its curving double roof .
PAST	Not a speck of dust blanketed the exposed woodwork .
PRES	He opens the door , his right hand automatically reaching for the pull switch hanging from the ceiling and the room lights up .
PAST	He sniffed the wind .
PRES	Kai clears his throat , and both maidens look over at him .
PAST	By our laws , you acted within your rights .
PRES	" But , Crawlers , " I insist .
PAST	I exhaled a quick laugh .
PAST	He eyed the rivers of sweat snaking their way down his body .
PRES	Those words pound in my head as my feet slap the pavement .
PAST	In playful terror , the animal fled , and took refuge under his bed .
PAST	I blushed and looked down at my feet .
PAST	Good ... The word bounced around the fragmented edges of Peter 's completely blown mind , not finding any relevant echo to what he was feeling .
PAST	An electric silence vibrated between them , arcing and spitting tension .
PAST	They either home schooled their kids , sent them to the public institutions their community operated on very rare occasions , or sent them to private schools .
PRES	She fed sensuously , her body undulating against his , her buttocks pressing against him , the friction an enticement , a temptation .
PRES	Cooper chuckles and grabs my wrist , stopping me .
PRES	Someone clears their throat , and we both look toward Lennox , and most of the vigilantes who are watching us with curious expressions on their faces .
PAST	He installed a telephone in his office for Lara 's calls .
PRES	In other words , dramatic license strikes again !
PAST	When it was her son 's turn to wrestle , she cheered him on and clapped the loudest in the crowd when he won .
PRES	He lies down on the bed with me and I bury my face into his chest .
PRES	" Thanks , " she mumbled under her breath .
PAST	" Hey , you lookin ' for a date ? "
PAST	Charlotte chided him and reached for my hand .
PRES	Emma falls down into an endless darkness .
PAST	The police dog 's tail wagged vigorously as he escorted them to the waiting car .
PAST	The deck of cards emerged and we started the now familiar routine .
PRES	" No flying cups , reports or fists . "
PRES	The upstairs hall light shone down the steps .
PRES	While her heroines often wield a sword , they equally value the skilled use of their intelligence , wisdom , courage , and compassion .
PAST	So we created the school to find at-risk students and keep them under a watchful eye . "
PAST	His eyes fastened on mine as his mouth lingered above me .
PRES	He nods his head .
PAST	They proceeded directly toward the site , following the overhead laser beams .
PRES	Eric returned with a stack of newspaper , matches to light the fire , the makings for s 'm ores , and a patio chair cushion .
PRES	" Mr. Gray . "
PRES	He invites me out of obligation , but I can 't go to him and his new wife .
PRES	" Ma , Simon loves the water and knows it better than any of us .
PAST	" Except when you don 't , " Allegra persisted .
PAST	Here we are , Grandma announced , activating the left blinker and turning into the parking lot of King of the Road Auto Repair .
PRES	This whole mess with the police affects me and the baby . "
PRES	A small silver disc holds the date we pledged our love for each other .
PAST	The lights of the Riverview Inn glowed in the distance .
PAST	The dew soaked through his shirt .
PRES	His hand slides out of mine as he says , " Sorry . "
PRES	The flash bewildered her .
PAST	I paid the driver , and then as carefully as I could , maneuvered her out of the cab .
PAST	She trusted Byron where she might not have any other .
PRES	The wolf padded out the door .
PRES	Black Mist only uses them to clear the way for their own purposes . "
PAST	I clasped a hand over my mouth , stifling the gasp that rose in my throat .
PRES	We need to get as many people off this rock as possible , " he responds .
PRES	He wonders how quickly this vast and total deprivation will drive him crazy .
PAST	I know you want to watch something macho like American Chopper or LA Ink , " I joked .
PAST	" I learnt to play the role expected of me .
PAST	You dreamed this voice . "
PRES	Faded spades shone on the brick storefront of Greensleeves Tobacco Emporium .
PRES	She talks too much , Max interrupted inside my head , his irritation evident .
PAST	Morley eyed her with a bit of a frown .
PRES	" What manner of curse permits you to master stone without being a gargoyle ? "
PRES	She remembered that cool detachment from their youth , the icy ruthlessness that had lured women and reckless gamblers alike .
PRES	Gregori 's silver eyes dwelt on her slender figure .
PRES	When I lift my eyes to look at him , my heart falls to my feet .
PAST	The captain squared his shoulders .
PRES	Despite my early feeling regarding him , reason returns .
PRES	" Her fiancé . "
PRES	The three of you represent three options , or he can do whatever the fuck he wants with it .
PRES	He loves the seclusion of this island .
PRES	He strokes a hand down the back of my head .
PRES	Mom sighs loudly and we all look at her .
PRES	He primarily sells his paintings in his own gallery on the Sunset Strip , nestled between all the famous nightclubs .
PRES	He stops pacing and turns toward me .
PRES	He mutters , pushing us along .
PRES	I lean over to pick it up between the moving legs and feet .
PAST	His warm breath tickled her cheek .
PRES	" Can you describe it ? "
PAST	Shaking her head , she scooted to the opposite side of the mattress .
PAST	the gas tank exploded .
PRES	" An evil light shone in the Queen 's eye .
PAST	Claude eyed me for a long moment , then nodded .
PAST	I rotated my left foot around in a circular motion .
PRES	" But Sire -- all your work ... " " Counts for naught now . "
PAST	Her body moving restlessly , she inched toward him until she was rubbing against him , her body plastered against his entire front .
PRES	Her smile shone across her face . '
PRES	" That Doug and I were making out or something . "
PAST	Kylie 's phone beeped , announcing she had messages .
PRES	" Holy fuck . "
PRES	A signal to all other creatures , to stay away or be killed .
PRES	Violetta reaches out with her energy at the same time I reach out with mine .
PRES	I scramble towards him , duck down and crawl under his bed .
PRES	" He loves you too much . "
PAST	This earned him a respect from the rough Vikings that all his knowledge could not .
PAST	Well , I lied . "
PAST	Realm looks defeated , and finally nods .
PAST	A look around the foyer revealed narrow corridors , clean but rather unremarkable .
PAST	The heavy rain that pelted their foil dimmed what little light seeped through the single uncovered port .
PRES	" That way madness lies .
PRES	Raffaele winces as the sword digs into the flesh of his neck .
PRES	" Make it quick Wallace and don 't say anything about where you are . "
PRES	First , that she was pregnant , unmarried and destined to become the most scandalous member of her notorious family .
PAST	And then , stone by stone , it illuminated the great shrine until it passed through the flying arches at its feet .
PAST	His eyes roamed my face .
PAST	Michael collected her and held her and she sank , crying , against his chest .
PAST	She swore she could feel his hunger , feel his inner need to touch her .
PAST	She sped up , leaping over a bent piece of metal , then dodging a piece of burning timber .
PRES	She falls to the floor .
PAST	Brigid visited twice before the wedding , stressed and anxious .
PAST	Are you alright ? "
PAST	Kaspar yanked me to his side , hugging me close but I hardly noticed .
PAST	She yanked her eyes open .
PAST	She feared that their mission in La Salle was ending .
PRES	" And a set of prints we don 't have on record .
PAST	Wood floors , walls the color of fog and a narrow table boasting a cobalt vase stuffed with roses and hydrangeas greeted her .
PAST	She straightened her spine .
PRES	" You don 't like this dress , after all , " she teased .
PRES	All the projects there undergo strict ethical reviews of course .
PRES	He strikes at the First Lord now ? "
PAST	I clutched her hand and refused to let it go .
PRES	I scratch and claw , throw my knees at him , but nothing works .
PAST	Anne experienced a type of paralysis that seemed to freeze not only her body , but time itself .
PAST	Purity achieved , Arjuna negotiated yet another safe spot for his tee shot to land .
PAST	" You won 't get through to me , either , " Ashe rumbled .
PAST	He adjusted the bandages covering the stitches on his right arm .
PRES	She brings her scooper down to the table and looks at me , obviously disappointed .
PAST	The continued visits where he had all but ignored her , treated her with a coldness he had not felt but which had nevertheless been necessary .
PAST	The figure dove on its knees beside her .
PRES	" Her soul merely sleeps . "
PRES	The woman moves toward me but I do not have the strength to move or even pick up my arms to push her away .
PAST	During that journey back to Cambridge , what had seemed like fullness , hollowed out .
PAST	Warm awareness seeped in and tingled through her body .
PRES	" Everybody loves a winner ! "
PAST	" Run in place on the platforms , " April advised .
PAST	Staring down at her hands , she pretended to be engrossed by her nails .
PRES	" She likes you ? "
PAST	" And I would not want you to , " he assured her gently , and she raised her eyes to meet his gaze .
PAST	Peter stormed over to him and demanded the film from his camera .
PRES	I slap the top of the barrel and squeeze the pin in one fluid motion .
PRES	I exhale then frown with disappointment .
PRES	All the sly hints she 'd dropped that she was in Ashland to pay back her old friends and anyone else who 'd ever supposedly wronged her .
PRES	He just loves all your writings , and I seen him reading through them over and over every night .
PAST	His thumb circled and teased one of her nipples until it was hard and begging for his mouth .
PAST	She eyed him suspiciously .
PRES	" Tell me what that was , " Shannon begged .
PRES	" Line cutter ! "
PAST	A few people even bowed as they passed .
PRES	Parker and Faye stood up from behind the table when Savannah said , " Ouch " " Savannah ? "
PAST	Silence engulfed the salon .
PRES	" Helping ye to undress , son . "
PAST	She joked , ' People will think you 're tax inspectors , or maybe Vernon 's pools ? '
PAST	They sound a little far fetched today - now that everything in our world is explained by science and mathematics .
PAST	The pedestal blocked a gunshot aimed at the girls .
PAST	The dogs suddenly quieted again .
PAST	Tessa tensed all over .
PAST	Upstream from everyone , the Wanderer arose from the river .
PRES	My eyes widen as I taste myself on his lips and he pushes his tongue inside me with abandon .
PAST	Desperate cries wrought the air , ' Ye canna do this ?
PAST	" You 've got to be kidding , " Mary slapped her playfully .
PAST	" How cliche , little partner .
PAST	Bowing his head , he prayed to get his patience back .
PRES	" I think he might know of a cure , " Aiden points out .
PRES	Brooke just shrugs again .
PAST	The smell of burnt flesh violated the air as Emilio 's hand was ruthlessly burned .
PRES	I fold my arms across my stomach .
PAST	" Your doctor , " he gritted out .
PAST	We attempted to carry her into the cabin , but as soon as she had quitted the fresh air she fainted .
PAST	He dared not hope she could ever learn to love him again , learn to trust him again .
PAST	I pretended to mull it over .
PRES	Callie lets go of my waist .
PAST	Maddie stowed her precious gift on the floor and hugged her back .
PRES	" Were you eavesdropping on us ? "
PRES	I swing around a jogger stretching near a tree .
PRES	Adam sighs , rolls his eyes dramatically .
PRES	In his rush to pick up the ball , he loses control of it and it bounces away .
PRES	" Sal -- " " Help me . "
PRES	I wipe the sweat from my forehead .
PRES	" So they threaten to show the tape to the righteous Reverend Hammond .
PRES	Jolie reaches out for Pat 's mobile .
PAST	Trees as tall as a man arose around him , before the wall .
PAST	Fear lanced through her so sharply and completely that she felt a sudden tingling in every part of her body .
PRES	" Very , " she breathes out .
PAST	Fin flicked his hand in the direction of a long pole and set fire to the box with wires stretching from it .
PAST	He clasped his palms together and stared at me like he had at the car earlier ; he gazed right through me .
PRES	She fisted her hands and battered me weakly , her nails drawing thin trails of blood .
PAST	She flicked through images and videos , seeing within the suit 's files all that Daniel had said but still she was doubtful .
PRES	He recognizes me immediately and his face drains of color .
PAST	She lied to me , so I 'm hurt .
PRES	" Rachel , this is my friend , Abby .
PAST	I just never dreamed they would do something like confront you in a bathroom .
PRES	" And you Coach . "
PRES	She winks at him and then comes back out with ... " " Soup laced with the hottest hot sauce you 've ever tasted ? "
PRES	A bed and a good meal await us there . "
PAST	Archie urged Samuel on to stay .
PRES	No use , it snaps under the weight of my body .
PRES	Meeting his eyes , I add in a quiet voice , " It hurts me . "
PAST	Easily sensing his pleasure , Shay teasingly circled the nipple until it hardened in reaction .
PRES	He drops his eyes to my lips where his thumb is still stroking them .
PRES	" Almost as if something is physically surrounding you .
PRES	No , no , no , she begged .
PRES	As soon as she gets the last one , I spring upright and scramble over to where Alex is lying on the floor .
PAST	" You know exactly what we mean , " Deb chimed in .
PAST	" It is time , " a man announced .
PAST	Toni thanked the doctor as he walked out the door to finish his rounds .
PAST	" I want it to work ; therefore it will , " he stated firmly .
PAST	" Officially they chalked it up to an interrupted burglary , but as I recall there were a lot of rumors going around .
PAST	Narrowing his eyes on the book , Nick slapped at his back pockets to see if the book in Grim 's hand was a duplicate .
PRES	" Late seventeenth century . "
PAST	Of course , everyone 's dressed in the Tudor style , with puffed up , layered sleeves .
PAST	Trevor collected their coats and waited patiently while she ran around making sure everything was cleared away properly and that nothing was left undone .
PAST	" Never trusted either one of those shuck traitors . "
PAST	With practiced skill , she adjusted the flame .
PAST	The bright lights seared my eyes for all of a minute , but by then my escorts had shut the door on the cell .
PRES	" Ralph Lauren ? "
PAST	She deposited it on the side table with a frown .
PAST	" Eggs cost twice as much without the household ration coupon , " Kowalski countered .
PRES	The ship rumbles , and I feel the pilot working with the thrusters to bring us off the ground .
PAST	But Jared 's attention never strayed .
PRES	I asked skeptically , my heart still pounding in my chest .
PRES	Skyla glances past my shoulder before meeting my gaze .
PRES	He stretches and stands up , putting his hands on my waist and hoisting me up .
PAST	A lone warrior , grizzled with age , and carrying his spear with its head downward in token of peace , advanced from the main horde .
PRES	" I suspect they " ve been delayed by matters of great importance . "
PAST	Then he withdrew it and left her hand enclosing nothing and he said , " Remember the Hard Ones , Dua .
PAST	They patted themselves , checking pockets , sleeves , pant legs , as they made sure the weapons they had were secured .
PAST	He motioned her toward the elevator and scanned his security card .
PAST	He pinched her cl * t again then slowly moved his fingers back into her cunt .
PRES	When my fingers roll over my clit , my head falls back on his shoulder , my mouth finds his , and then I explode .
PAST	He flicked her clitoris with his stiffened tongue and she lifted to his mouth , seeking more .
PRES	" And what borders the Pacific Ocean ? "
PAST	Pearl 's voice floated out , " What was that you said about never seeing another Flamingo Sweet ? "
PAST	Everyone escaped , fortunately , but the inn was a loss .
PAST	the man exclaimed in a Northern accent .
PRES	' Knowing him , he blames himself ! '
PRES	" She told me to wait , so I did , " the girl whispers .
PRES	He stops short and turns to face me .
PRES	" That phrase applies to so many things at the moment that I 'm not sure which you 're referring to in particular . "
PAST	Damon sat very stil and watched her go , his eyes hooded .
PRES	Low and musical , it slides against my skin , stirring the energy just behind my lungs that makes me what I am .
PRES	" Plane crash . "
PRES	She flinches from the sharpness in my tone but continues to smile .
PAST	So I slowed down , leaning forward over my handlebars , trying to see the ground far ahead .
PRES	When they 're still a hundred yards away , Marcus stops and hovers .
PAST	Pearls adorned the style , matching the beading in her gown .
PRES	Tentatively due Summer 2014 .
PAST	We saluted to those who 'd gathered to see us off , then faced down the tunnels and set off .
PAST	Ted proved himself a sweet , understanding and sensitive man .
PRES	" The daddy rule still applies .
PRES	" Might I ask your name , honored sir ? "
PAST	He feared knowing about the people his father called commoners .
PAST	The irritation in Shane 's gut exploded into all-out anger and he couldn 't figure out why .
PRES	" That he screwed up .
PRES	Her dark eyes shone in her rosy face and her lips told of much laughter and mirth .
PAST	Familiar pain popped every vertebra into place , skin stretched and feathers retreated .
PAST	Even in the twilight they glowed azure , heavy with hunger and satisfaction .
PAST	CHAPTER TWENTY LET THEM FLY When we returned , dusty and victorious , to the House , Ethan thanked me with steak and chocolate .
PAST	The world outside calmed as his breathing slowed .
PAST	She crawled through twenty feet of narrow rusting steel that left a bitter metallic taste in her mouth , each time she inhaled .
PRES	" But that doesn 't keep me from wanting to go out and do something because I want to , " I mumbled .
PAST	I described Shannon in vivid detail , and I also told him I was working on making her my girlfriend .
PAST	Zane tipped his head to one side and shrugged , then gripped the hem of his shirt .
PAST	The knowledge that she so readily responded to his merest touch only deepened the scowl marring her brow .
PRES	Pleased as punch to meet you . "
PRES	" You stubborn little minx . "
PRES	" This is a fine mess , " she mumbled .
PAST	" Then she lied to me !
PAST	I silently thanked Rosetta for making me up for the evening , even if I did feel funny about the contrast in our clothing .
PAST	Takeo plunged into the grass once again .
PAST	She retracted her head back .
PRES	Silence falls on the room .
PRES	The back door opens directly into a large kitchen with a fireplace .
PAST	They required too much trust , and trust was something she didn 't have anymore .
PRES	Anita quickly snuck a look at me , and winked .
PRES	My head falls nearly to my chest as I realize that I am brown bread .
PAST	" Absolutely outstanding , " Auron cheered .
PAST	He tipped his glass at a woman standing about twenty feet away from us , one of the most breathtaking women I 'd ever seen .
PRES	" Then lets see it in action ! "
PAST	" Well , you didn 't grow up with mine , " Candace countered .
PAST	Chapter 26 Everyone froze .
PRES	Ella 's newly dyed hair shone .
PRES	" You 're not making sense , lass .
PRES	" Tut , tut , mon general .
PRES	Pain erupts through my arm and I can 't breathe .
PAST	In a few seconds , the prisoner bodies shrank and shriveled up .
PRES	That changes everything then , doesn 't it , " Aquitaine murmured , his tone dry .
PAST	He freed my bangs from behind my ear , spilling dark curls into my eyes before sweeping it back with his fingertips .
PRES	How to get blood without kil ing the donor . "
PRES	It always pays to follow the money . "
PRES	" Jesus , " Gabe breathes .
PAST	Several voices chimed in .
PAST	Helen shivered , knowing Philip didn 't stand a chance .
PAST	I dove back into the cab and yelled at Samuel , " He 's got a rifle !
PAST	She cinched the bag tight and handed it to Spencer .
PRES	She reaches out and buttons the top two buttons of my shirt .
PRES	I forgave her with a reluctant smile .
PRES	Nose to the ground , Kane padded off , following the edge of the plateau .
PAST	I sensed that his interest came from his own disappointment at not being on Charlotte 's Guard .
PRES	Over the next twenty minutes , she removes three of the cigar boxes from under the bed and takes them to her car .
PRES	I assume she 's naming the plant for me , having rightly discerned my interest .
PRES	Valerie gasps and sighs with relief .
PRES	She falls sick on the third day .
PRES	" The cord begins the bond , Max .
PRES	I dropped my chin to see the wistful smile on her face , her fingertips playing with mine .
PRES	" I can 't right now , " I blurt .
PAST	Finally she crawled over to me and lay her head in my lap .
PAST	Ben collected a coat and a piece of chicken before following Matthew outside to the rain-soaked rear of the house .
PRES	He reaches up to tip his hat toward her , ignoring her comment , making his way over to me .
PAST	Bran stares at the blood on Lorcan 's chest , head cocked sideways , not sure what to make of it .
PRES	I frown , a little disappointed as I back toward the water .
PRES	Ryland sees someone coming towards us in the smoke .
PRES	To the east lies the country from which we emigrated many generations ago .
PAST	The lapels were a dark gray color , the shirt underneath matched the lapels and his tie matched the suit that perfectly matched his eyes .
PAST	Pendleton scratched Maury behind his ears , and the puppy yawned with much gusto .
PAST	Said Astrid in a tone of voice that Sarah had often heard from her Nan and it was one with which you did not argue .
PRES	Bobby sits across from me .
PAST	Closer examination revealed two small scars , mere nicks , really , just under each breast .
PAST	" Wow , " she snickered , finally looking like a kid .
PRES	That guy ... the Old One ... he grabbed me , and -- " " Rafael ?
PRES	I scratch her back and she scratches mine . "
PAST	Then he brightened up .
PAST	She shuffled through the pages that had some numbers till she reached the part about Cooper Industries ' plan for restoring Lake Blue Leaf .
PAST	" You 're a nasty , horrible , dopey man , " piped up a frightened voice somewhere behind me .
PAST	" Go ahead and get ready , " I urged as I sat down .
PAST	She squared her shoulders and started down the hall .
PAST	Ryan asked , nerves jumbled together inside him .
PAST	Near him , a woman collapsed onto the ground , sobbing and spitting hysterical , unintelligible words that no one was listening to .
PAST	Her presence lingered in the cabin for a few seconds and when he gathered his jacket from the floor ; he could smell her on it .
PAST	So quietly , she withdrew , leaving the poor woman to contemplate her own problems .
PAST	In most cases they dumped him rather than vice versa .
PAST	Jackson , Austin and Jessie tensed up .
PAST	She slowly withdrew her hand from his , her cheeks turning a delicate shade of pink .
PRES	" Or , rather , knocking him unconscious . "
PRES	" Having one of those nights , sweetheart ? "
PRES	I recall your words clearly : ' What we need is a place to get away , a safe place . ' "
PAST	" Good " I stated .
PAST	First he braved the stairs again , trudging up to his former office .
PRES	As we walk to the parking lot Sean clears his throat .
PRES	A book or two , newspapers , snacks . "
PRES	he whispers , and starts to walk away .
PAST	Every window reflected cyan blue as the protective ring sprawled outwards .
PRES	" Rhett Madison . "
PRES	But they feed on something huge .
PRES	Ria leans wearily against my shoulder ; I feel her hair tickle my ear .
PRES	" She blames you for reopening my wound when I found you in the woods and brought you here . "
PRES	So don 't tempt me . "
PRES	" Good thing you 're not drinking then , eh ? "
PRES	A strangely familiar voice quotes a famous line from a movie I no longer remember the name to .
PAST	" Tell me what you like , Cassie , " he rasped , teasing her nipple with the tip of his tongue .
PRES	" It bothers me when it 's done for the reason it was offered . "
PRES	Varg let out another amused rumble .
PAST	Two other women rode to the edge of the clearing .
PAST	Immediately , the pair froze .
PAST	The triangle zipped in a circle .
PAST	Power exploded out of me .
PAST	It washed over me with warmth , and things I didn 't want to remember .
PAST	When he stroked my knuckles with his thumb , I experienced a tingling sensation in the depths of my being and knew everything was about to change .
PRES	He placed one palm against the wall , effectively caging her in , his body language blatant , possessive , deliberately easy to read .
PAST	A handful of men were on duty , stationed at each floor currently occupied by a prisoner , but not on the stairs themselves .
PAST	He dove for me and I braced myself for the stab but it never came .
PRES	The law remains my friend , and evil still persists in flouting every one we good people set . "
PRES	I assume they questioned everyone . "
PAST	Kate haughtily sniffed , probably figuring Hanna didn 't know who Ophelia was .
PAST	I 'm exhausted , " I yawned in reply and sat down lazily on the edge of my full-sized bed .
PAST	Gwen pinched her lips together .
PRES	Play the field , sample the riches available , then settle down .
PAST	" I 'll stall him , " Sage crackled in .
PAST	" It 's weird , that 's all I 'm saying , " she hissed in reply .
PAST	Love concentrated on the traffic .
PRES	" My King , I demand that you listen ! "
PAST	He trusted and respected St. Denis deeply , but he was a man that wanted to know and see things for himself .
PAST	" Here we are , " the cabbie stated with complete indifference .
PRES	' Perhaps , Detective Love , but for one thing . '
PRES	" That damn name carries a ton of baggage with it .
PAST	In the years to come , newly elected world leaders dispatched rescue ships , loaded with supplies , to come to their aid .
PAST	The scent reassured her .
PAST	Cole disarmed Edward and is beating him .
PRES	Max sits comfortably in the chair across from Mr. Burke 's desk , then considers his posture and sits up straight .
PRES	When Adel enters the Starbucks , he sees Nora at the counter ordering a coffee .
PAST	She jabbed her finger at him as he stilled his progress and stared at her .
PAST	Rick winked at her .
PAST	I fished around in my purse for a few seconds until I found my cell .
PAST	More and more , her routine reduced itself to play ... rewind ... play ... rewind .
PAST	They all piled back into the van and were dropped off at the dorm .
PRES	She contented herself by holing up in a guest room and prepping some spells that would be of use in the search for Alicia tomorrow .
PRES	I 've had more visitors through my window since I met you than I have my whole life , " she teased quietly .
PRES	" Don 't go , Jess . "
PAST	Reyes withdrew a package of turkey and a package of ham , looked from one to the other , then shrugged .
PAST	He slowly tugged at the waistband of my skirt as if I 'd stop him .
PRES	Robbie stares at the photo of Christa McAuliffe smiling with her mission helmet alongside her back-up crew member and an American Flag .
PAST	" You survived . "
PRES	That changes when I see a man in a business suit headed straight for me .
PRES	He reaches out to ruffle Link 's hair , but Link steps to the side .
PAST	When he touched her arm , she flung herself away from him .
PAST	Patch sat in a chair in the corner , his chin propped on his fist .
PAST	Edward winced , but smoothed his expression with a little effort .
PAST	She trembled from the dark threat , but her body begged him for more , to show her everything he had and not hold back .
PRES	Neither of us likes Steven and if you 've got some dirt on him , it would really help my investigation . "
PRES	He likes to set a scene . "
PRES	" So ... moving on , huh ? "
PAST	He stiffened at the reference to his eyes .
PAST	Eric 's grip slackened in shock .
PAST	Julie regarded her with undisguised skepticism .
PRES	Never fearful , always on guard .
PAST	As the entire bridge gave way he utilized the only option he had left .
PAST	I denied it vehemently , " But may I know why you ask ? "
PAST	I bellowed in my best law enforcement voice .
PAST	" I think that 's the coast road , " Rachel announced .
PRES	She grabs her purse and meets him at the door .
PRES	And just like the good friend that he is , he catches on .
PAST	Elena eyed his offering doubtfully .
PRES	He kicks the cup out of the way and steps closer to me , restraining a grin as he pats me on the back .
PRES	" Calling me a name I detest and accusing me of madness and lying .
PRES	I arch my back at the last second so he can sink even deeper inside , moaning at the pulsating sensation .
PRES	It brings tears to my eyes ! "
PAST	The three ascend the stairs and arrive at the shut attic room door .
PAST	She clutched him , trembling with ecstasy .
PRES	" It 's okay , baby , " he murmurs , sounding really groggy .
PRES	I commit myself , and all that I am , to it , until death parts us .
PAST	Then she piled sweaters and other folded things from the shelf on top of herself , covering even her head .
PAST	" This is none of your business , " Christopher contradicted .
PAST	To not be judged , to be , like , admired . "
PAST	He flicked and tortured the tiny bud as her hips lifted for satisfaction .
PAST	Swinging into the driver 's seat , I gripped the joystick , elevated the truck and it hovered over towards the third shelf .
PRES	I tense and frown .
PRES	" Help me , " I shout .
PRES	You belong to me . "
PRES	" And that sucks , okay .
PRES	He appears in front of me with agony in his bright eyes and longing in his lips .
PAST	Lucia wriggled , eating tortilla strips while Sara cradled the phone to her ear , waiting for the call to go through .
PAST	Detective Harrison said , bass voice pitched deep with intensity as he made his point .
PRES	A line of people winds out the door .
PRES	By 2015 achieve a significant improvement in the lives of at least 100 million slum dwellers .
PRES	" Ah , you , poor dreamer , grieving for your lost humanity ; would you not be redeemed ? "
PAST	She clamped down on Chastity 's energy as soon as she realized what she 'd said , but Josh 's lust very nearly overpowered her .
PRES	" Well , um .
PAST	Finally Lucien opted to help .
PRES	" Burn to ash every person who tries to climb those stairs ?
PRES	I rip my mind away from this train of thought before I go too far down it .
PAST	" So , " Talon inquired after a moment .
PRES	Rebels ... " he spat .
PAST	She sensed a frenzy of telepathic thought buzzing through the network .
PAST	Her hand froze in midair when she realized what she 'd done .
